,Review_text
0,"I understand that some of you might be thinking, ""Is it really worth thirty-odd dollars for a couple bags of coffee?"" Well, allow me to slap that traitorous thought right out of your face. Community Coffee is the best dagnabbed coffee I have ever had. I drink it every single day, and do you know why? Is it because of the lovely hints of hazelnut? No! There are no consargnit traces of flippin' hazelnut in this coffee! I drink it because this is coffee that is roasted with the express purpose of tasting like the coffeeist damned coffee that has ever graced your tastebuds, and they will thank you for your largesse. Yes, that's right, largesse. Because this coffee has everything you want in coffee: caffeine and the taste of coffee. It's lacks the bitterness and filthy mudmouth lesser coffees, not to mention the bastard flavors of whatever nuts and sugary sweets that are infused coffee roasted by cowards too afraid to trust their own beans.If someone hands you a caramel macchiato, you slap it to the ground and stare in disdain as you sip your delicious Community Coffee Dark Roast from a novelty mug depicting your favorite media franchise. Because you are objectively superior to them in every way, and they will weep as that knowledge sweeps over them."
1,"I grew up in Louisiana and so drank Community Dark Roast since I was a kid.  It's really the best coffee I've found.  I was on Attu Island, AK fifty miles from Siberia, isolated duty.  One year, no women, no trees.  Just 25 Coastguardsmen growing beards and taking care of a Loran transmitter.  I had Community Dark Roast shipped to me there.  The supply plane came twice a month with everything we needed.  All I was really concerned about was my coffee.  'lol'  Two months ago, my shipment of two 32oz bags came with one bag that tasted bitter and 'off'.  I drank it anyway coz I hated to waste it.  But, honestly that was the only time I ever had any that was less than perfect.  I am a disabled veteran now and have no intentions of changing my coffee, so . . . no worries about losing a loyal customer, but I just wanted to let you know that one batch wasn't what it should have been.  Thank you for reading through my pitiful rantings.  : )"
2,"I’m a huge fan of dark roast coffee.  I am so glad to have found this product on Amazon, I shop a lot and somehow overlooked this coffee.  While I do have a grinder, I wanted ground coffee for ease in the case of my use, for iced coffee.  But I made sure I made a French press hot coffee with Community Coffee first so that I could truly taste the flavor, because I make my iced coffee with sweetener and milk so that does hide the coffee flavor a little.I enjoyed the dark bold flavor just as much as what I’d been using (Gevalia primarily but also Peet’s Major Dickason dark roast), if not more.  Even better, I was able to get a larger size bag and the bag itself is pretty good, nice lining on the inside.Plus I like the Community Coffee company.  Didn’t even realize they make coffee in Louisiana.Finally, it’s a great value.  Costs me less than what I pay at the grocery store and tastes better.  How can you go wrong?"
3,"I use this for iced coffee.  Never once have I brewed this hot, so don’t use this review if your a hot coffee drinker.  However, in my iced coffee carafe this has been a great new addition.  It’s got good flavor and is smooth.  I originally was attracted by the price as most of the coffee I like ends up going up after a couple months.  If the price stays low, I’ll keep buying this."
4,"Community's  dark roast is THE coffee in the Baton Rouge area.  Brew it strong; the flavor is incredible.  Community dark roast is the  Black Fluid of Life.  My wife and I grew up drinking Community dark, and it's the ONLY coffee for us, even after 32 years in a foreign land (North Carolina.).  We used to buy 12-16 pounds every time we visited home; now we can get it from Amazon at a  good price.  If you like BIG coffee flavor, try a bag of Community dark, and you'll never want anything else."
5,"I'm normally a homebrew Starbucks Dark Roast drinker, but I'd heard from a number of people that Community Coffee Dark Roast was a great tasting coffee at a great value. While it's not the worst homebrew coffee I've ever had, it's definitely not something I'll be buying again. It has a bitter after taste and is far from smooth as other reviewers claim. If you're looking to save money and don't mind drinking a mediocre cup of coffee, then this is a good deal, but do everyone a favor and don't write an exaggerated review about how great it tastes just because you saved a buck. It's far from good."
6,"Community Coffee is hands down the best coffee EVER! I was born and raised in Louisiana, and my parents have always enjoyed this coffee. When I was younger, and our family would travel, I never understood why they would pack this coffee, now I do, and I do it too!It has a great flavor, it's not overpowering or bitter, and it smells divine each morning while it's brewing.This packaging is great. I used to buy the vac sealed blocks, but I switched. Honestly, either is fine. It's a large bag, and it lasts me about a month--im the only coffee drinker in our household.I have nothing bad to say. We always have this wherever we are. If you haven't tried this...do!"
7,I like my coffee strong! This is great for that. I like to buy free tase when ever possible. (I think this is but not possitive). With sunscrube and save I get my monthly shipment and pay less than I do at the store with out having to leave my home.  (I get 2 bags but somerimes have to go buy anotjer bag of beans if I run out. I'm considering increasing my order)
8,"I have been buying CC New Orleans Blend as my ""house"" coffee for years.  I have now switched to the dark roast.  I love this dark roast coffee.  Smooth and flavorful, but not bitter.  I highly recommend this.  Plus the company is great as they give proceeds to needy schools.  You cut off the ""coupon"" in the back and mail them in.  It makes me feel like I am helping New Orleans."
9,Bold tasting coffee is difficult to find in our local grocery stores...especially if you use curbside service. This seller sent  this beautiful bold coffee to us in record time.  This is our second order with them since we've been self quarantining at home and we have no trouble using this amount without sacrificing flavor.  This was fresh and delicious to the last drop!
10,"This coffee really is as good as folks say. I'm picky about coffee because I drink it black, no sugar. Got the Dark Roast, and find that I'm getting the flavor of dark roast without the inherent bitterness. If you're looking for an all-around good coffee, this one fits the bill."
11,All I say is wow a couple of times a I have buy community coffee because have never had a bad one yet. I have tried three of them and I am always amazed at the depth of flavor. Dark roast is just right 💯. It is not sweet like espresso or burnt tasting French roast. This is by far the closest thing to how I like my coffee. I have found my favorite.
12,Received the coffee August 14 and package says brew by September 15.  Twin 32 oz. packs. Here it is September 4th and I have only gone through about 16 oz total.  I would have expected the Brew By date should be at least 3-6 months from the purchase date.  ??
13,"I love this. after 40 years I have found a coffee that tastes like coffee with none of the aftertastes associated with other, more popular coffees. I believe it is better than Starbucks coffee and now I have a place to buy it."
14,"All of our friends down South drink CC. I was very happy to see it available at Amazon. It's very good every day coffee, not too pricey and the quality has been consistent."
15,Set up a subscription to receive two of these 32 oz bags every other month.  Community Dark Roast is my favorite coffee and all the grocery & big box stores in my area have stopped carrying the 32 oz bag.  The smaller bags are much more expensive per ounce.Amazon supplies the coffee at the same competitive price I got at the grocery store AND ships it free to my door every 60 days.  Now I will not have to do without my Community Coffee!
16,Best coffee I have ever had!  Fast shipping and great price.  I love this brand!  The dark roast is my favorite.  I also like the chicory flavored one.
17,"The best ground, dark roast coffee I have ever used.  It has instantly moved into 1st place on my ground coffee list.  How can it taste this good?"
18,I bought this coffee instead of Starbucks.  Not nearly the flavor I am used to.  Have mixed some French roast with it.  It is tolerable now.
19,Best coffee ever.. we live in Vegas and once we found this on Amazon.. It's all we order for our coffee needs..
20,"The most amazing coffee!  Just returned from New Orleans where we were introduced to this. I paid $12 a pound there, and bought two, two pound bags for not much more here on Amazon.  Great coffee, great deal, and by the way, great town!"
21,I've been drinking Community Coffee most of my life. I love the flavor and keep returning to the brand every time I try something else. Will keep purchasing. I get this through the subscriber and save program for a very reasonable price.
22,This is a really good Coffee! I like it better then Peet’s Major Dickason and it’s a better price.
23,"Very worthy investment! I chose ""dark roast"" as I do value what places like Starbucks have to offer (though not enough to overpay for coffee) as they tend to give a deep roast to their beans. This provides a happy medium. I would recommend investing a little time on youtube to touch up on the best ways to make your styles of coffee, but once you get the hang of things it will be well worth the time. Enjoy :)"
24,"Great coffee.  Arrives fresh and ready to brew.  I first experienced Community Coffee on a Southwest flight,and fell in love. Not sure what their secret is, but I love it!"
25,"Finally, a smooth cup of dark roast without the bitterness that many have."
26,"arrived quickly, perfectly packaged, makes a great cup of coffee"
27,My husband is obsessed with this coffee. The bags are pretty big too. We auto ship it every month.
28,I really like this coffee. The taste is really good.
29,Great value and as I like dark blend coffee it was great flavor.
30,You can’t get any better than community coffee
31,Community Coffee give us a taste of home. Taste New Orleans wherever you are!
32,Have preferred Community Coffee for decades now... it is truly the best!
33,shipped fast and good taste
34,Thought I'd try a new coffee....I loved this one !!
35,I love to use this coffee to make cold brew.  This is my second order of this coffee and did not disappoint.
36,"Virginia-raised husband introduced to this coffee when we visited my family in Louisiana. He was sad when discovering he couldn't buy in Maryland's grocery stores.Wife: ""Problem solved.""Full dark flavor is great!"
37,Great coffee that was available at a great price!
38,Finally a size that I can afford!
39,"Since we moved to another state, we cannot find this product in the stores. I really appreciate this coffee! Love it's taste! Glad it is available to us here! Thank you!"
40,"I've loved this coffee ever since I had a cup of it when I was passing through Louisiana years ago. Very smooth, rich, and pleasant tasting. It's been a little hard to get out west so I'm glad I found it available on Amazon."
41,"This is one of the most delicious coffees I have had from then. They are all pretty good, but this one is strong and still has a great flavor. Not bitter at all like some dark roasts. This is making it on my family Christmas gift list."
42,"A little expensive, but very good. Still cheaper than a coffee house each day."
43,It’s so good.
44,It’s the best coffee
45,"Best coffee, I drink it all the time."
46,"By far the best coffee we have ever had. Smooth and dark, unlike other coffees widely available where we live here in the NE United States. I was so glad to see that Amazon offers this coffee since we have missed drinking it after moving away from Louisiana. Louisiana coffee is the best!"
47,Love that we are able to order coffee from.back home!
48,Love this coffee.
49,"Bought for my minister as a gift who loves this coffee.  It pleased him, but I do not drink any coffee."
50,"Received our order yesterday and one box was correct, dark roast.  The other box was incorrect, it was the cafe blend.Since we love Community Coffee...will not go through the hassle of returning it...we will just blend them together.The packaging was great and no damage."
51,Great coffee.
52,Grest
53,Love this coffee.  Have purchased as a gift for others as well.  We continually order from here.  Difficult to find in our stores and this is a GREAT price.
54,No better coffee
55,Ok but it is cheaper in town
56,Taste of home will buy again
57,Not order this on a recurring order. Finding out how to cancel it has been nothing but a nightmare
58,Nice fresh coffee.
59,Used this product for many years and no complaints.
60,"Best coffee on earth.  I grew up drinking Community dark roast, and I guess I'll die right after a cup.  There is nothing like a rich, robust, dark coffee that is not bitter and not scorched like Starbucks sludge.  Try a pound, and I think you'll never go back."
61,Like a taste of home....great value.  Cost is equal to the price I would pay if I were back in Louisiana. Product came quickly.
62,"Every time I drink a cup I say wow, what good coffee"
63,"Bland for me, but some people might like it.  Good to contribute to food pantries for charity."
64,Makes an excellent cup of coffee. Recommend using a perculator for high quality results 👍
65,We've been enjoying Community Coffee for several years. We are very pleased with the price and packaging we can get through Amazon. This is the only coarse grind that works well with the Toddy cold brew system.
66,The Community DARK ROAST is a strong coffee taste without any bitterness.  Have been using it almost 2 years . . .ever since my grandson gave it as a Christmas gift.  Turned out to be one of the best gifts ever !
67,"Percolator?  Perca-now!  this is very good coffee and I've had this on auto-ship for a couple of years. if you're trying to move from good Colombian coffee to darker, this is a great choice."
68,Wife Loves the new coffee
69,Love this coffee. It’s our absolute favorite coffee. It tastes so good.
70,"Best coffee , best value permanent customer."
71,Just a great coffee
72,Received a large bag of very fresh coffee. We bought this after tasting and enjoying it at a nice hotel. I don't know that it's considerably better than my grocery store coffee but we can drink this brewed strongly and without any bitterness.
73,"Drinking this coffee for about 15 years, the BEST!!!  Other coffee almost taste like flavored water."
74,"I really only drink this with my spouse. I wouldn't describe our connection as one of community but this is one tasty coffee. Great coffee color, great coffee taste, great coffee smell! five stars"
75,Community Dark Roast smells and tastes like Louisiana. It’s a classic
76,What's not to love! It's a rich full bodied coffee.  It keeps me going throughout the day.
77,"I love dark roast coffee, but this is not dark roast"
78,great tasting coffee
79,My daughter's new in laws introduced me to this frand. They are from Louisiana & love this coffee. It was great to provide them with a taste of home at the wedding celebration.
80,fell in love with this coffee in New Orleans and have been lugging it home after each visit ...now I can have it delivered to my kitchen!!  I am happy
81,"good product, super fast shipping"
82,grew up with this coffee in our house in Louisiana.  Love that I can have it sent to my house in Georgia.  Great coffee
83,"This coffee is very bitter tasting in my opinion. Some people may like this in a coffee, but unfortunately it's not for me. I ended up finding that I likeMelitta Coffee, European Roast much better."
84,My favorite coffee!
85,"What can i say , the best coffee in the world! ABOUT SIX BUCKS AND CHANGE A POUND, AND IT ISNT “FILTERED” THRU MONKEYS, JUST GREAT COFFEE EVERYTIME!"
86,"This is truly amazing coffee!  Unfortunately, Amazon is inconsistent with pricing and rarely offers the best price on this item."
87,Tried this coffee on a trip to New Orleans and really enjoyed it. It is strong without being bitter. So glad to have found it available on Amazon.
88,Best coffee every and received it so quickly.  Thanks
89,"This is my favorite coffee.  Not bitter, but a bold taste."
90,"The best coffee!  This is a regular purchase item for our household.  Like having New Orleans, in Texas!"
91,Great coffee and best price.
92,Great coffee
93,smooth with no bitter after taste - perfect
94,Love this coffee.  Is unfortunate that local stores have stopped selling it.
95,Yummy this is the best coffee I have had in a very long time. Strong enough to enjoy without leaving a bad taste in your mouth.
96,Love community coffee!
97,So fresh and wonderful when you can’t find it in Utah!!
98,Just no better coffee
99,Great product
100,We became acquainted with this coffee when we vacationed in Ft Walton Beach.  We loved it and I was happy to be able to order it at Amazon.
101,"My son brought Me a bag from La,  where it's made. When he got home he sent 3 more bags. Best coffee ever."
102,"Rich flavor, mellow acidity, brews very well in our electric percolator making a delicious cup."
103,"Many decades ago I was born in a hospital (before air conditioning) :) that was less than two miles away from the Community Coffee plant, so the first aromas I experienced was that of coffee being roasted, needless to say I am biased. I and my wife truly love dark rich coffee and were elated to find Amazon offered Community dark roast ground coffee. We have a Bunn coffee maker that does a wonderful drip coffee and we keep a supply of community K cups for a quick fix. If you like dark rich full bodied coffee I highly recommend Community ground coffee."
104,"My best coffee...I order deliveries to family before we visit..just a smooth, never bitter dark roast for black coffee drinkers."
105,good price
106,"My favorite coffee, you can have the Starbucks"
107,Best part of waking up!
108,The Best!
109,"The packaging, size, roast and flavor are perfect for me and I've never had the slightest complaint, even from guests."
110,"There is no close second. Community is the best coffee on the planet, hands down."
111,My favorite coffee!  So delicious.  I look forward each morning to that first cup....then the second one as well and sometimes more....
112,I love Community Coffee.  The price is right and the taste is just what I like.  I buy it all the time now from Amazon.
113,Love this coffee
114,I have tried several of the community coffee roasts. This is the one I like the best so far . Good strong flavor withoutany bitterness
115,"Sent this to my husband in Florida. He cant get it there and he works there, right now"
116,Household favorite
117,I've been drinking this coffee for years and years and it's always a delicious cup of coffee. And now with Amazon subscription survice I never run out!!
118,I  grew up drinking this Brand of coffee and there is no brand better than CC.
119,My favorite coffee
120,"Love this coffee, its real coffee ! , the price is good, the service is fast, the quality is there, good stuff !"
121,"This is the coffee I grew up with in south Alabama. When I moved to the northwest it was no where to be found. Thank goodness Amazon had this available. Even though there's a coffee hut on every corner, nothing beats this rich, dark roast."
122,"Problem is, freshness? The 2 pound bag was marked ""Brew by 07/18/16"" and I received it 08/12/16. That is not typically expected of Community Coffee."
123,It has a good taste but as rich tasting.
124,Love this coffee as I have been drinking this brand since I was a child
125,Tasted stale
126,"I'm from New Orleans. This is by far the best, richest, most flavorful full bodied coffee you will ever try."
127,"I like mild, smooth coffee which is hard to find. This is delicious!"
128,"excellent choice, I buy it through the mail as it is not sold in DC"
129,Good coffee from the south!
130,"Have purchased this coffee 4 times now,Now it’s my favorite coffee, look for it on sale, that’s a good deal"
131,We are hooked on the flavor
132,"While staying at a Kenner location in early January, I had Community Coffee and thought it was great! We ordered if and I don't  know why, but it didn't taste any better than the usual coffee I buy at Costco. Do you have an explanation?"
133,Best coffee there is.
134,"It is very good coffee, I recommended it to a friend and they love it."
135,love community coffee!
136,Love coffee from New Orleans
137,This is without a doubt the best coffee I've ever had. Discovered while on the Mississippi coast. Its not sold in Ohio so I've been ordering on line since summer.
138,great everyday coffeemedium grind works great with our KRUPS coffee maker
139,My favorite coffee of all time
140,wonderful way to start a day
141,Best coffee in America
142,I can't get the big bags of coffee here so this works great for me. I love this coffee.
143,Best coffee ever!
144,great flavor and value
145,Our favorite!
146,Love this coffee
147,Best coffee ever.
148,Best coffee EVER!
149,"I lived in Louisiana about 4 years and it is was my favorite, but the only issue with it this product is that it's not everywhere you go. Now I moved to Wyoming and I don't see it around. It's worth to be worldwide."
150,perfect
151,"I am happy with this purchase.  I like wonderful coffee, and think that is exactly what this is."
152,Best Coffee I Have Ever Had.
153,From Louisiana - the best coffee in the world!!!!
154,I've traveled all around the US and Europe and this dark roast from Community Coffee is pound for pound the best value I've ever had.  It's smooth and robust with no acidity.
155,great coffee
156,Best coffee in the whole world according to my husband.
157,XLNT Product
158,The deep rich taste of a very smooth coffee.
159,My favorite of all time.
160,Lower your pricing on this product. I would order more.
161,the best coffee in the world
162,This Coffee ROCKS.... Great taste and I didnt realize there were 2 bags for this price... Very Nice Suprise....
163,love the taste
164,Great coffee. This was a great deal and will do it again. Turned friends onto Community Coffee.
165,We love Community Coffee Dark Roast!
166,Still as good as ever.
167,Awesome.  Great aroma and flavour...
168,Really good coffee
169,Always my favorite coffee!
170,Really love this mellow dark roast coffee.  It is not available locally.  I learned to like it in the 60's while living on the Mississippi Gulf Coast!
171,Great coffee!!
172,This is my all time favorite coffee.
173,bought 8 2lb. bags. all good except 1 bag and it was bad. will order again because its good coffee
174,Great Coffee... Timely delivery!
175,always good
176,Great coffee - definitely recommend!!
177,all good
178,"i have ordered coffee from community before another blend just dark roast not""signiture""that's what i did wrongthis blend is a waste of money. very weak coffeeif you want a good tasting coffee you will have to increase your amount of coffee used which makes this a bad buy"
179,GOOD coffee
180,No problems
181,"Not really a memorable flavor. A step up from Maxwell House but not anywhere close to Starbucks. For the price it is OK, just OK"
182,Some of the best coffee I have ever tasted. Would recommend 3 to othersee for sure
183,great coffee
184,Love Community coffee
185,"While I enjoy Community Coffee, Amazon pulls the oldest stock from the shelf, or the bags nearest their code-date expiration. There's a good reason these dates are on the bag -- results of extensive quality testing, compliance with USDA or FDA quality standards, and company health and safety standards. My future purchases will be from the local grocer."
186,"I regularly purchase Community Coffee on Subscribe and Save and love it. However, when I look at Subscribe and Save, it says this item costs $22 for two 32oz packs. This last time I got charged $46. Although it still shows $22 in subscribe and save. I'm not paying that much for coffee."
187,Really enjoy this coffee and the value for the taste is great! We are going to try the new Breakfast Blend in January!
188,"Community Coffee Dark Roast drinker for nigh on to sixty years. I order directly from the manufacturer since I moved north out of Louisiana three decades ago. One constant in my life has been a cup of Dark Roast every morning and two or three more during the day. Now, I am changing. Dark Roast does not taste the same. I am half way through my last twelve pounds of Community Coffee. I know that CC went national last year, and times and formulations they are a-changing. You have lost one of your long-time customers. I know you won't miss me as you gain millions of new Starbucks converts. It just makes me sad and nostalgic for what I loved all of my life."
189,"Ever since Nestle stopped production of its Mountain Blend variety several years ago, I have been drinking Community Coffee's Instant Coffee/Chicory brand.  It is pretty good and it is easy to order on Amazon.  A huge problem exists when I try to open a new jar: the plastic screw top is VERY difficult to open.  I have a large  pair of ChannelLock pliers that I have to use to unscrew the cap.  Why is this?  It is not  an isolated occurrence.  Note: I am a pretty strong guy and have no  difficulties with other screw-top containers."
190,This is an excellent product a recommend it for anybody. If you love coffee this is an excellent Blend.
191,Far and away better than all other coffees that I have ever had; full flavored and no bitterness at all.  This is all we buy now.
192,A+ Item. Bit up-priced but thankful to get a taste of Louisiana in Virginia every once and a while. Recently sent these to a good friend for his 70th birthday and he was over-the-moon. A+ seller as well.
193,My favorite coffee!
194,Community Coffee is a quality product.
195,"Community Coffee, Dark Roast, Ground (40 oz. bag)  $13.98 Sams Club"
196,Best coffee for me. I have used this brand for over 60 years. Never disappointed with quality.
197,"Delicious coffee. Not too strong, certainly not weak."
198,Goto SAMs online 13.50 for 40oz fresh...
199,We have been drinking Community exclusively for several years now...can't be beat!
