,Review_text
0,"Don’t fall for it!  It CLEARLY states 6 COUNT, but you only get one!!!  I paid $20 for a $7 coffee!!!  TOTAL RIP OFF!!!This is what it says:“Folgers Black Silk Ground Coffee, 24.2 Ounces, 6 Count”"
1,"I like the coffee and thought I was getting 3, 24 ounce cans and is my fault did not read it !! Is overpriced compared to the 24oz ones that I usually get and is very deceptive and overpriced and will never order from this vendor again !! Buyer beware !!"
2,"This is Mrs. J.  Let me premise the following by saying my husband does dishes and laundry, and he's taken, ladies.But... I'll never hear the end of this. I ordered this three-piece set for my husband, who complains that his coffee isn't dark enough.Instead, he brought me his small container of Folgers Gourmet Supreme, proclaiming not only had I ordered the wrong kind, but that the Black Silk dark coffee tasted weaker than the Gourmet Supreme medium dark coffee. He said the Black Silk is too smooth and not bold enough. He also said it tastes almost identical to my favorite and former household standby, Folgers Half-Caff. If I take the Black Silk to the food bank/share it with a friend and let him share my three-pack of half-caff, maybe I'll hear half the complaints.In any case, the bottom line is that this may not be the level of dark flavor you are seeking."
3,"The description line says 6 count, but I just received a shipment with only 1 canister.  I have been definitely deceived."
4,"I have been sending good coffee now to the hospital nursing staff of the floor that treated me earlier this year at the local Veterans Hospital that saved my life from my adventures with the Covid 19 Virus, and also some protective gear (since a lot of theirs enroute to them was mysteriously re-diverted to Washington DC's stockpile for the President and his staff and friends) . I am a disabled veteran and not wealthy but I am grateful for what these tireless and underpaid and under-staffed nursing staff and physicians did for me ,  so - since late March 2020 when i was released home for a long, long, long recovery 9and since not fully recovered) - I ve been sending the very best coffees I can to that staff as they only can get decaf coffee on their floor (as patients can only have decaf so it doesn't interfere with their medications and then only weak coffee).  In addition I have sent boxes of gloves, gowns, masks, booties for isolation wards, hairnets (disposable for same), and i urge anyone reading this to do the same if you afford it to help your local hospitals fight this terrible virus. Good rich Coffee is the best medicine for the Nursing Staff...and Folgers is the richest tasting low acid dark roast I could find.  Thanls seller for keeping it affordable."
5,"The order was supposed to be for Folgers Black Silk (as pictured and described), but the product I received was Folgers Gourmet Supreme. Not quite the same thing. 1 star for flavor, since it's not what I ordered. 1 star for value, since any money saved would have gotten me to the store to buy the kind I actually wanted. So 1 star overall."
6,"Like the coffee, price is right but dating at the store is 6 months better.  We like to buy  8 months or more of inventory and this could be the deal breaker.  Will give it one more try---best price is not always best deal."
7,"I can't not even bring myself to by anything BUT Black Silk coffee!! It is SOO smooth It's a dark roast, which I normally do not like but the flavor is so smooth and rich it give you ALL boldness you want from a dark roast. This is IT for me. I buy nothing but Black Silk now and I've recommended it to all my friends and family, many of whom have also become dedicated Black Silk purchasers. Please don't ever change it or take it off the market because I sincerely doubt I could replace it with anything that comes remotely close. Black Silk ROCKS! to try any other coffee!"
8,"I ordered these thinking they were the same Black Silk I've been buying for years.  The price per can is what I have always paid for Black Silk.  But these containers are SHORT STUBBY containers with only 75% of the product as the normal cans!  If you've bought this brand before, make sure you compare the ounces on your usual purchase with the ounces on these cans.  What a rip off!!"
9,"Love this coffee — rich and dark with no bitter aftertaste.  I can’t always find it at the grocery, so ordering it ensures I have a constant supply.  The price is  comparable to that of the grocery."
10,"Great brand and flavor!! My wife and I are avid coffee drinkers so finding this 3 pack saves us from having to run to the store weekly. Plus, it’s at a great price! But the smooth taste and boldness is wonderful. It’s not too bitter but it’s strong enough to make us satisfied. We definitely drink our coffee stronger than most and find it best with this brand/flavor. We love waking up and having a cup of Folgers Black Silk Coffee!"
11,"I had been purchasing this dark roast coffee in Keurig K-cups.  I got tired of adding so much plastic to the planet, so I bought this to use in the refillable K-cup that came with the brewer.  This works even better because I can use more coffee that came in the prefilled K-cups and makes a richer cup of coffee."
12,"Folger's Black Silk Has been my favorite and preferred coffee for many many years.In that regard I give 5 stars.Value for the money that leaves a bit to be desired, and I can't blame Folger's wholly for that.For that I give 4 starsShipping time also has a part in devaluing this item.For that I give 3 stars."
13,"This is pretty decent. It definitely works for when you want a hot cup of dirty bean water. All jokes aside, I've enjoyed this and for the price it's great. It's not fancy coffee or the kind of coffee that's going to let you see sounds but still an average cup"
14,What can I say it’s foldgers coffee.  The best thing about this though is I get 6 cans for the price I pay for 2 or 3 at the store.  Can’t complain about that. I haven’t had any problems with my order.  I have it on subscribe and save so I never run out of coffee.
15,My husband loves this coffee flavor I do too but when I get a brand new container the flavor is a little too strong for me after it’s been opened for a few days though it tastes amazing! It’s the only American coffee we drink!
16,"The containers were far smaller than I anticipated. The charges, of course, were far too high compared to what would have been able to buy at the store if there were any on the shelves at the timse."
17,"VERY low quality beans. Has an awful taste that makes me feel like I'm eating cigarettes. Might be able to do a cold brew method with it, though. Use lots of cream and sweetener. Not at all recommended."
18,We drink a lot of coffee this is saving so much money to stores
19,Rich smooth darker dark roast. Great for my french press. This is hands down my favorite coffee that Folgers makes! Only recommendation would be to make more affordable. Otherwise 5 stars! Definitely recommend!
20,Best coffee Folgers makes....if you like a dark roast. And boy do I! Black silk is appropriately named for this blend. So good. Great wake up and go coffee.
21,"The same quality as expected.  The price has escalated since COVID-19 as with most other things such as toilet tissue, bleach and other daily essentials."
22,"Rich bold flavor dark roast coffee. Step below an espresso, but can easily be used in an espresso maker which I do on occasion. It's our favorite coffee. Now I juat buy it in bulk instead of getting it at the store. Cheaper too."
23,OMG...fraction of the price at store
24,I really like the (Folgers Black Silk). I might have picked it up at the grocery store but the last time that I did all they had in this coffee were (24.2) oz. cans for about the same price as this size. What's going on with all these companies? Is it they think were all getting smaller or that we just won't notice how they are all screwing us. Anyway I always mix it with other fancier coffee's. 40% fancier on the bottom of the drip grind filter and 60% of the Folgers on the top of that. Really good!
25,"Big box, not sure if this was worth the price. I should have looked better before buying, convenience of having it delivered was nice but is it worth it......?????"
26,This is my husband’s favorite coffee right now. Considering he is a coffee snob that is saying something. I am impressed Folgers I didn’t think you had it in you. Haha
27,"I love black silk. My mom got me on it. My friend tried it, now she drinks it. Paired with the purple bottle of sweat cream creamer and its YUM."
28,"I ordered the10.3 ounce container based on reviews. Nothing wrong with shipping, packaging, or appearance. The coffee just had a bad burnt taste. Reminded me of the coffee my grandmother used to make that used to sit on the stove top all day."
29,"Needed to get some of our favorite coffee and figured I'd give Amazon a try. We were not disappointed, both the shipping and the product were as advertised. Thank you 👍"
30,We French press because were snobs. And by snobs I mean our coffee stands up when a spoon is placed inside. We love this dark roast. Super yummy
31,This is the best tasting coffee from the Folgers brand.  Very flavorful but smooth. I would recommend that anyone interested in this to look in their grocery stores first as Amazon's price is quite a bit higher than the average supermarket.  I bought it while browsing for other products and didn't realize how high it was.
32,Black silk is one of my favorite daily coffee. Finding the 6 Pack at this cost was an absolute joy.
33,"I got three containers but I didn't read it just saw you get three for 17.00 nice price but I thought it would of been instant but its cool, they say black coffee is good for you"
34,Arrived sealed nicely and and has been very fresh for each container opened. Love the smell!
35,"Ordered 6 of these for under $24, That's 9lbs of really good coffee for less than 2.70 a lb."
36,Only coffee I drink and sometimes is hard to find so I  appreciate it when I can find it
37,I buy this every month...for the price it's great...i suggest you look at the price you pay in the store then look at the price here...great deal
38,We like our coffee strong and this fits the bill!  It has a very nice flavor but not for those who want their coffee on the weak side!
39,"Staying home during pandemic, we cd not get our usual coffee. We found this dark roast online, and it has good flavor."
40,I love dark coffee and this works the best for my cold brew and regular hot coffee.  It is so smooth and not bitter.
41,So many varying reviews but I bought anyway and glad I did! One 24oz can costs me about 16-17 bucks at the store. I received THREE 20 oz cans for practically the same price. The expiration is the same date as the last one I bought in the store so they are fresh. Very happy!
42,"I prefer Folgers for my home coffeemaker, and this is a good value. I typically buy the three-packs which is most economical."
43,Folgers is one of my favorite coffees. Love the fact that it comes in 3s and at a great price..
44,All I drink is Folgers coffee. Fantastic smooth taste. Good smooth ride up without the jitters of other coffee.
45,Delivered to my door. Coffee! On time or ahead of schedule.
46,Love the copy but misread the size. Store containers are 23.9 oz these were 20.6.Didn’t save per oz but very convenient home delivery
47,If Folger's is your brand then this the best deal in town. My Mother and Aunt thank you.
48,"Great for the dark coffee drinkers, I like a milder, lighter blend? Was a winner for hubby!"
49,Love this Black Silk by Folgers. It's smooth but wakes you up. Love this coffee!
50,It's Folgers. Self explanatory. I'm a big fan of Folgers dark roast. It's hard for me to drink anything else.
51,"Haven't e even opened it yet, but admin it's as good as it usually is, it's perfect!"
52,I love foldgers coffee and go through alot of coffee. This is the best price I have found. Great product
53,"Great tasteful coffee but the price is too high, even at Amazon."
54,Deep roast flavor and strong.
55,Taste is strong but smooth..
56,Best coffee that I have every purchased..  the taste is amazing.
57,This is my daily coffee. Can't do without it
58,"I like this dark, black roast. A friend told me about this variety and said it was not bitter, as so many dark roasts are. She was right. I love this coffee."
59,I actually prefer the Gourmet flavor but it doesn't seem like it's ever on sale. The black silk flavor is good when made one cup at a time in an Aerobie or Kuerig.
60,"I ordered from Amazon because I could not find this coffee in my local grocery stores. It is rich, full bodied. If you like Newmans bold coffee, you will like this one. I have a Keurig and use the reusable K-cup  and it is much less expensive than buying boxes of K-cups. Bon Appetit!"
61,"I'm a big coffee fan and I was skeptical about buying this because I have always gone for the expensive, ""gourmet"" brands, but the price for this product was so attractive I had to try it. And I am not sorry I did.  This coffee is surprisingly good at a great price."
62,Coffee is about 3x the cost in Alaska so this is an amazing buy
63,This coffee is smooth and taste great
64,Decent coffee at a reasonable price. You can get it for less on sale at most stores and it goes on sale frequently.
65,nice flavor
66,early than i thought?
67,"Great coffee, but cans are getting smaller"
68,Great for a lover of a strong cup of java.
69,"Slightly smaller containers than at my local grocery store, but price per oz is so much better."
70,Good
71,I'm a true coffee aholic  and I will be ordering more.as I cannot go with out my coffee
72,Enjoy the coffee
73,Best Folgers roast there is!
74,my favorite coffee
75,Great buy
76,As described
77,Good product
78,Thank you very much
79,Good taste good price
80,Worth ever penny ty
81,Makes great coffee.
82,Not very strong for a dark roast coffee. McCafe French roast is a whole lot better.  I wish I could get that through Amazon pantry.
83,Strong and smooth
84,It’s coffee. I love coffee.
85,Great deal
86,Excellent value
87,We love coffee.  What I mean is we like coffee to taste like coffee.  So many of the 'blends' are weak tasting.  This is a full bodied coffee but the acid that other dark coffees often have is gone so there is no bitterness.  We love it.  All other brands are second to Folgers Black Silk.
88,Our favorite commercial coffee
89,So good and smooth
90,Yum
91,"Excellent taste. Can't beat the cost, either!"
92,I LIKE THE SMOOTH RICH TASTE.
93,"We aren't dealing with grade A coffee here.  Also, I bought this for home use, and buying this much at once presents issues of it losing its flavor before it is all used.  For an inexpensive coffee in an office setting, this is an above average coffee.  For your house, there are probably better options"
94,It's a pretty good dark roast. Cant find any packaged dark roasts near me and this fits the bill.
95,I received six of the large cans.  This is an incredible value!
96,Great value
97,I wanted larger containers but shipping would not allow
98,Good
99,Great coffee at a great price
100,Thank you very happy
101,"Love this coffee. Tastes like more expensive brands. Smooth, bold flavor. The grind size works perfectly in my French press. It's also cheaper here than in stores, and was shipped quickly."
102,I love this coffee and the price is on point
103,one of the best coffee's I've found
104,"Starbucks Pikes Peak was my fav til I tasted this over a friends house. It is so good I ordered 2 pounds soon as i got home! she added dollar store hazlenut creamer to it, WHY do people buy that stuff, ick. It tastes even better w brand name coffee creamer."
105,"Black Silk revivals anything from Star Bucks or Duncan Donuts and I think is better, for the price this coffee cannot be beat period, rich full flavorful taste and aroma, Folgers has hit the top with this blend."
106,"Strong and rich flavor, but no bitterness. I have drank the Classic blend for years, but enjoy the Black Silk even more!"
107,"Delicioso, buena aroma y acidez"
108,"I have a hard time finding this flavor where I live, price good, flavor even better"
109,works for me.
110,"I don't have time to drink multiple cups of coffee. It's true what it says on the container, bold yet smooth, and it's usually no more expensive than the other variety of Folgers coffees, depending on where you shop."
111,"Ordered this thinking it was the large container we get for around this price at Walmart cause it looked like it in the picture. Showed up in the mail and it was a super tiny container! Who pays $12 for something so small? Should I have read the oz.? Of course but it seemed so obvious that I didn't even think to. Definitely don't order this, get a big container at Walmart for the same price!"
112,"have tried the so called better grounds ,for a rich coffee starbucks and the rest are no better"
113,Good coffee
114,"I've always liked Folgers coffee but this one isn't very bold tasting. If you like your coffee with only a small kick, then you'll probably like this one. It's maybe one step bolder than Folgers' regular coffee, but a decent value."
115,My favorite folders roast. Great flavor!!
116,Delicious
117,Best large scale dark roast
118,"I usually prefer freshly ground whole beans brewed in a french press, but this makes an excellent single cup in the 

Hamilton Beach 49981A Single Serve Scoop Coffee Maker

  .  Will definitely buy again."
119,This is the best coffee ever!
120,"You will not make many friends purchasing this type of coffee.  But if this brand and amount is what you need, this product will satisfy you.  But maybe pay the extra bucks and get something other will not resent you for."
121,LOVE THIS ON AUTO SHIP AND THE PRICE IS GREAT.
122,i was SO THRILLED my item arrived 4 days earlier than expected. i didn’t know how a store can be this fast. product was as pictured & described!
123,Great price
124,"smooth, dark and flavorful."
125,"A nice, tasty dark-roast coffee.  I just have to avoid putting too much coffee the basket, it can get too strong very easily.  This has probably become my new favorite go-to java jolt."
126,This a great price for the sizes!! Have bought multiple times and will keep doing so!!
127,"Fantastic flavor and it has less caffeine than the light roast I was drinking.  Basically, I can enjoy my morning coffee without getting the jitters later in the day."
128,"Product was damaged, can not even use it! Also it is overpriced for the amount of ounces and you can NOT return it! I’m not happy at all! 😡"
129,Like the taste. Drink it
130,"Seven years ago this can of coffee was 34 oz. then it went to 28 oz. The reason you can't buy this 28 oz. can anymore is that it is in the process of going to a 24 oz. can, and it is still the same price. WTF!!"
131,Perfect flavor.  Not all grocery stores have it.  I love it.  Thank you Amazon seller!
132,Great Taste
133,Good stuff
134,I was buying gourmet coffees until I tried this coffee and now thats all I buy!  You can't go wrong with Folgers!
135,I love this coffee. True rich flavor. Not acidy or oily like other bold coffees. Buying it on Amazon is definitely cheaper than in the store!
136,Love darker blends
137,Great price for the product.
138,"Can't get enough of Folgers Black Silk coffee.Bold rich taste ,so glad we discovered it a few years ago,,,,,its the best."
139,Very good home
140,"Drink this coffee regularly, the taste is very good, worth recommending"
141,"This is definitely the best coffee I've ever brewed...I love the strong aroma and flavor...I'm hooked for life, highly recommended."
142,Husband loves his coffee bold. So his was perfect and loved the large size since he is a heavy coffee drinker. Would purchase again.
143,Love this coffee!!!
144,Quick shipping you get exactly what seller offers. Will buy again excellent item.
145,Who doesn't love folgers
146,"Great Coffee and not expensive at all. Ran out of my usual dark roast from an expensive store, and tried this.  No regrets,"
147,Dark rich strong coffee.  Better than all those gourmet brands.  Good solid strong coffee
148,I love coffee and this is the best consistent great flavor every morning. Much better than the gourmet brands
149,"My favorite coffee from Folgers, got a great deal, but since then the price almost doubled."
150,"Shipped promptly, product as advertised."
151,Nothing to say
152,Excellent product at an excellent price point.
153,Perfect coffee to start the day with!
154,Purchase this coffee when the price is right to take to my son when visiting.
155,It gets the stuff going in the morning..  and sometimes in the afternoon too.
156,"This is pretty good coffee, my favorite pre-ground coffee."
157,Great taste
158,"Not bad at all, Great for those who still have an older coffee maker."
159,I love the bold you silky smooth flavor
160,A little better than the regular Folger's coffee.  But not much.
161,Reminded me why I haven't used Folgers since 1977...
162,ok
163,I drink gallons of this.
164,I like Folgers but this was a little too robust for me.
165,"my wife loves coffee, so this was great for her"
166,"The price is a little high, but the coffee is superior."
167,"Like this coffee, strong and rich favor."
168,This continues to be our coffee of choice.
169,BLACK SILK IS A BOLD SMOOTH COFFEE BEST FOLGERS HAS
170,My favorite blend. Dark & hearty.
171,mmmm.....coffee.....
172,Delicious coffee.
173,My favorite coffee:)
174,The best tasting coffee on the planet
175,Great product!
176,great product
177,So small for the price
178,great price as well as great taste
179,perfect! fast shipping! thanks!
180,Love the coffee & price too
181,great price
182,love this coffee
183,Fresh
184,the best
185,"Very good product, good service and price."
186,Great size
187,Just what the Dr. ordered!
188,excellent--can't find
189,so good
190,Good product
191,Thank you
192,Very tasty
193,YUM!
194,ok
195,Love this coffee in the Keurig.
196,Overpriced
197,Good coffee and on time.
198,great deal
199,Coffee coming to the work place makes for a great day!!
200,"Pretty good but not as good as other ""dark"" roasts from pricier brands.  Probably will not order again because I like a good dark roast coffee, but for the price it was not bad."
201,EXCELLENT AROMA AND DELICIOUS TASTE. MMMMMMMMM
202,"Price is HIGH, same as the large one you get in the store, it caused me to order this, the SMALL size. It did get here quickly, so that's a plus"
203,Great coffee but smaller than I expected way over priced
204,rip off!! got the small one not the large one..
205,"I love coffee, I don't know why... even when I pay too much for it, but I wouldn't go as far as to become a Starbucks fan!"
206,BEWARE  coffee ok  got snookered on 10.3 oz from moxy unlimited  waaaay over priced
207,Had to send back for credit. $10 for 10 oz is to expensive. Thought I was buying a regular 33oz can. Didn't read close enough.
208,"Wow!!!!!! That's how I have to start off this review for the black silk coffee!!! It is DELICIOUS!!! However, this flavor was invented ONLY for the coffee drinkers who like strong and bold yet smooth flavors that make your taste buds dance and have a high caffeine tolerance!!! Not only that, it doesn't have that bitter aftertaste nor is it overpowering. If you're a light-weight coffee drinker, I would suggest starting off with the mild flavors and then slowly working your way up to the dark flavors to avoid dramatically negative caffeine reactions. See, I grew up on strong coffee. So coffee of this kind is tolerable for me. Then again, everybody is different.When I first tried this flavor, I followed the directions on the back of the container and immediately became disappointed because it did me no justice. So I remade it by following my own coffee making rules which is why I quickly came around to LOVE it!!!When I heard about black silk coffee the first time around, I was scared to taste it because I thought it'd put my body in a caffeine shock even though I'm a heavy weight coffee drinker. Boy was I wrong!!! It is not that bad... Then again, it is for heavy weight coffee drinkers. So far, it has managed to make me extremely alert. Which is a good thing because I have a long day ahead of me.With that being said, I wish all of you who are reading this review nothing but the BEST in your coffee drinking experiments!!! Just have a glass of water nearby because this coffee is strong as ever and it may raise your heart rate a little bit if not a lot!!! Bon appetit!!!"
209,"We, as in me and my wife used to spend way to much money on coffee. We are talking local roasted to the rare and exotic, my favorite was always the Jamaican Blue, but often would settle for a good French roast from Starbucks in a bind. Then hard economic times hit, started looking for something to settle our addiction. I swore off mass market roasted coffee ages ago but when you are cutting pennies and it's $32 a pound vs $6.99 a pound I decided to risk it and if I.didn't like it.I would suffer a month. Now is it as good ? No absolutely not. But is it good ? Surprisingly yes, very good for a mass produced coffee. I actually enjoy it and it is at a great price, and very low acidity for.a dark Roast also. When I have the extra cash I will no doubt order me a pound of my preferred, but for the every day. This is good stuff.By the way I buy this locally, can pick it up for between $6.99 and $7.99 for 1lb 11.8 oz"
210,"In terms of the cost and what I was expecting, this coffee gets 4 stars.  While I'd give better coffees, 3 stars, the 4 stars shows the value/quality relationship.I normally cannot stomach Folgers.  It's green and has no personality.  I bought this upon seeing it at Walgreen as I'd heard good things about it.  Upon opening it I saw the dark color of the grounds--a pleasant surprise.  I brewed a cup using a pour over cone brewer using my standard 2T for every 6oz of water.  The aroma immediately caught my attention with both nutty and slight cocoa notes.  The taste did not disappoint.  It was smooth, heavy-bodied and had a velvety mouth feel.  The flavor did not carry any hints of Folgers junk.  I generally prefer a heavy bodied, earthy, low acidity coffee where I can taste the roast (that ""burnt flavor"").  This coffee, while not that, is palatable for me.  While I still prefer other coffees, this will become a good fallback option when I'm in a pinch."
211,"Like many others, when time and money permits, I enjoy buying and grinding my own beans.  But I am a 70 mile round trip for a really good selection of beans, so I have tried a variety of ""store brand"" cans of French Roast, etc. Most are lacking, using too much flavorless ""robusta"" beans mixed in with the ""arabica"" beans..basically Hamburger Helper for coffee.Black silk is not bad!  It is smooth, or as my wife says, not scratchy.  The grind is good for standard drip or pour-over cones.  With pour-over, it is good to saturate the grounds, wait a bit, and then pour in the rest of the water.  The prevents the grounds from floating to the top and not  getting fully extractedSay what you want about Folgers, but they are masters at keeping flavors consistent.  And at $4.00 for a small can, it is not my first choice, but it is a genuine alternative to the pricey blends."
212,"I am not reviewing price point or vendor, only the Folgers Black Silk coffee.  This is the best coffee around.  It is flavorful without being bitter and dark without having a burnt aftertaste and doesn't give the stomach rumbles like some.  Folgers Black Silk is sure to satisfy those coffee drinkers who actually drink coffee instead of warm brown water or sludge."
213,"Promises but does not deliver.Can confirm other reports (somewhere on Amazon) that this is downright terrible.Sorry to report this!I'm used to:- Coffee shop - bins of amazing beans.  Open the cannister, a huge bloom of coffee envelopes.Not here...- Home - beans ready to grind.  After doing so, pleasant coffee smell.NOT here!- Pre-ground- smells like coffee...But no.Black silk :Open the cannister - Smells modestly like something burned.  Not a strong coffee smell.Brewed - no rich coffee smell.  Smells like percolator, over-cooked coffee.In the cup - tastes overcooked, kinda burned, no rich coffee flavor.  Just tastes like bad coffee- like what you'd imagine some over-worked, under-appreciated secretary in the 50's making with a percolator, 50's coffee roasting techniques (whatever those were), and a percolator left on all morning.Stay away!PS I read somewhere that this used to be great and then changed.  That's believable!"
214,This stuff makes some strong go-go juice!! Its like a firecracker was lit up my rear end in the morning! One large cup and I am ready to take on Godzilla!
215,Amazingly delicious and smooth DARK roast coffee.  Love it.
216,This is  our go-to coffee for a truly robust coffee flavor.
217,I have purchased this product several times and will be getting it again
218,"My favorite blend, at an almost reasonable price."
219,10/10 it's like listening to the silky voice of Morgan Freeman when brewed correctly.
