,Review_text
0,"I've always been wary of cults.  The blind loyalty, bad punch, separation from family, etc.However, after going through about 40 pounds of Koffe Kult DARK ROAST in the last almost year, I am a well informed drinker of exceptional koffee with my whole family.  Yes, even my 9 year old loves this stuff.We have a decent home espresso machine (""B"" brand) that we use these beans with.  By far, and we've tried a healthy number of options, by far the best beans we've used.  There are some local options that make me travel to sketchy areas with skinny jean and plaid flannel laden folks that are close.  However, if you prefer to comfort of your own smartphone, you just can't find a better 2 pounds of vacuum packed beans."
1,"Not only is the coffee delicious, but the seller cakes the time to graciously educate their customers about the best way to achieve superb results when brewing their coffee. I purchased the coffee in tandem with a bean grinder and enjoyed a wonderful cup of coffee for my old drip coffee maker. Great people to do business with!"
2,"This is the BEST coffee I've ever had.  It was my Mom's favorite too.  She past away last month and I used to bring her some every week.  Now every time I have some, I think of her."
3,This coffee is simply fantastic.  It's almost like drinking dark chocolate. I've felt no need to use sugar and just a little cream.  I have used this in the aeropress and made both coffee and expresso with perfect results.  Now for the little things.  The bag it comes in is great.  Easy pull tab to open it and a nice resealable liner that is thick and not flimsy.  Also a valve on the back to squeeze the air out.  The bag when opened is actually like a spout so it is easy to pout out the beans without trying to funnel them.  Sounds silly but I appreciate little design choices like that.
4,Instantly noticed the  amazing aroma from the beans once I opened up shipping box! Tried for first time next morning at 5:15 am. Half way through brewing wife came downstairs. She said she could smell the coffee from bed up stairs. Tastes wonderful and very happy with product. Looking forward to trying different beans!
5,"When I received my 5 lbs bag of Koffee Kult dark roasted beans at work, I opened up the package and was engulfed in the most wonderful aroma.  Within minutes, a dozen coworkers were in my office to ask about the amazing coffee smells.  People are still asking me when I am going to invite them over for, “that coffee that smelled so delicious.”My wife and I have been drinking the Koffee Kult dark roast for about a week now and we are both very impressed.  Great flavor; very rich and bold.  Liked it so much, I have already ordered another bag so we will not run out."
6,This is absolutely great tasting Koffee!  We love Koffee Kult!!!
7,"I'm not a coffee snob, but do prefer a darker roast.  I've been trying different coffee beans for the last year after Eight o' clock coffee changed something about their Columbian beans in addition to the name change to ""Columbian Peaks.""  It turned from a smooth darkish cup of coffee I've been using for at least ten years to one with an acidic aftertaste that I can't bear.After trying at least a dozen other coffees over the last year, I ordered Koffee Kult's dark roasted beans in December and am now ordering a second bag.  Smooth, full-bodied and rich.  I think I've found my new favorite coffee bean."
8,"Bought this to make cold brew, and it's excellent! Haven't tried it in a drip coffee maker or french press, but definitely recommend this for cold brew. Tiniest complaint is that the seal after opening takes several attempts to reseal."
9,"I switched from my old Keurig to a french press and coffee grinder. I needed whole beans and looked around amazon to see what the community thought of different beans. There were a lot to choose from but Koffee Kult caught my eye. I decided to give it a go. I have been making a couple cups a day now and I am very pleased with the coffee. It is very rich, tasty, and fully of caffeine. I would recommend this to all of my friends and family."
10,"The coffee is totally fine, we used it with a Breville espresso machine. Once there was a rock mixed in with the beans that broke our (expensive!) grinder. I thought it was a fluke but just saw two other reviews saying the same thing happened to other people. They replaced that bag of beans but didn't say anything at all about the broken grinder. I also got an email after EVERY purchase (twice a month, I had it on subscription plus would buy a bag in between each monthly subscription delivery), super annoying."
11,"Very disappointing coffee beans! Although they claim to be a dark roast it is only a medium roast. Second issue is : where is the nice arabica bean flavor?  I have a Jura coffee machine, which produces exceptional coffee with good beans; these beans produced a coffee with little to no flavor. In addition, the beans had a bitter finish. DO NOT BUY!"
12,"I read raving reviews about espresso made from Koffee Kult Dark Roast. I bought a two pound bag (GE-615Y-WOKX, FBA121118A, Best by 12/17/2019) and was expecting a great experience. All I got was sour shot after sour shot. I have been making espresso for years with a Rancilio Siliva + PID, and know a little about the variables. I kept the dose (19g) and tamping pressure constant. I was aiming for a 1:2 yield, so I varied grind (Rancilio Rocky), brew time, and brew temperature to try to find the sweet spot. While it usually takes me only about 2-4 attempts to find an acceptable set of extraction variables for an unfamiliar bean, I could never find one with this bean. I am talking about 20 different shots with every single one of them tasting sour. Over extracted or under extracted, it did not matter. Hopefully I can use the rest of the beans for pour-overs, so that my investment is not a total loss."
13,Bought this coffee a couple of times because of its really good flavor but last week I was grinding my coffee and it broke because there was a rock that went into the blades and damaged the motor.If you have a good grinder at home DO NOT BUY THIS COFFEE this just cost me 200 USD and Koffee Kult responded as just being bad luck for me
14,"I'm not sure what's happening over at the Koffee Kult production line, but something is definitely wrong with their packaging. Either that, or these beans have been stored under bad conditions for too long.When I received my bag, I opened it up easily enough and gave it a smell. The smell was extremely subtle and on par (or maybe even worse) with cheap grocery store whole beans. I picked up a bean, it was light and on the verge of cracking. I dragged my finger across the inside of the bag, it came up with zero oil on it.I made a pot of coffee with it, but upon grinding I wasn't able to get it ground to anything but basically ultra fine - due to the dryness. Flavor of the coffee itself was subpar.All in all, I will not be our purchasing these beans again."
15,"I have given this coffee a week now and it's not getting any better.I have a good commercial espresso machine and have been making espresso's for over 10-years.I'm always looking for a better coffee to put through the machine and this ""koffee kult"" is not even close to good.It reminds me of a cheap Robusta bean that is used by many mainstream brands like, ""folgers"" and ""maxwell house"" they advertise Arabica but only use 51%, the rest being Robusta--good for oily crema on top but taste like crap.Now, as far as pour-over or drip coffee, I have not tried that using this coffee. I imagine that it will be fine for that sort of coffee. I'm strictly a espresso drinker.I have tried different grinds, tamp pressure, and water temperature and nothing is working for this bean.For those who know what I'm talking about, and are seeking the perfect bean for espresso then I recommend Seattle's Best Coffee--a 50/50 blend of their number (5) & number (3). Incredible!"
16,"I read a few of the reviews and felt like woah.... maybe my fellow coffee peeps have found something worth really diving into.We love our coffee it's not a routine it is our ritual of morning zen to tackle the day and so much more.So Purchased this without a second thought. Informed my hubs and the level of grief was surprising ... he said ""I highly doubt you will like this coffee, you always fuss about the dark roast."" Blah blah.. I can run to the store why wait for shipping ect...Product arrived in a timely manner maybe even a bit sooner than expected.After first brew.... silance... legit not ONE PEEP. My dad who is a die hard Tim Horton coffee fan (why I will never understand) and had a shock panic moment at the cost of the bag.My MOM who waters down her coffee regardless of the strength (why Maybe bec. Of my dads 25 year history of being in love with burnt leather coffee flavors....who knows..)Anyway not a peep everyone was cozy with there mug.. the kids woke up and came down thinking it was Christmas morning becuase something smelled so amazing.Followed by Literally a 45 min conversation with everyone about how amazing this coffee is, how great it smells and tastes,  how unbelievable that it is dark roast and our ENTIRE household enjoyed it with NO COMPLAINTS  and the kids were so cheerful about the smell EVERYDAY until our bag was gone.WIN WIN WIN WINWILL ORDER AGAINWIFEY IS ALWAYS RIGHTY 🤣😂"
17,"This review is based on my preference for dark, rich coffee.This is not a rich or dark roast. It's a medium roast with very mild taste.Pros: it is smooth and there is no burned taste. If you like a light bodied medium roast this is for you.Cons: it is not dark at all & the flavor is exceptionally light.The dark coffee in the picture is death wish & the light coffee is Koffee kult dark roast."
18,"I've been shopping around for a good medium to dark roast whole bean coffee to use for Lattes and Espresso, and after several misses and near hits, I have settled on this (but will always be keeping my eyes and nose open for other beans to try). I have a semi automatic machine that I use from Breville (they make good equipment for the price) that allows me to set the grind size, amount, temp, volume...etc and steam the milk. I have tried coffee from Kicking horse, Lavazza Super Crema Espresso and other Lavazza coffee, illy, and others not worth naming before finding this gem. The care is apparent in the aroma when you first open the bag and view the shiny dark beans for the first time. I like my coffee fairly strong and this intensifies the buttery light flavor of the Lavazza I mentioned above and borders on a darker roast just shy of bitter. This packs the extra flavor I was missing in the buttery coffee without going overboard to the land of bitter. Grind size and temp can play a roll here but this bean seems to be pretty forgiving.  Occasionally when I want something lighter (or straight without milk) , I find I like to mix it half and half with the Super Crema above, but for Lattes and Cappuccinos this product is perfect."
19,"Let me first off state, that I LOVE espresso, lattes, cappuccinos, etc.  So, I looked up the ratings, for the top rated espresso beans.  Koffee Kult Dark Roast should up either at the very top, or close to it, on several independent ratings.  So, I thought, what the heck, I'll give it a try.  Well, if you prefer dryer, less oily beans, with a smooth taste, this is NOT the coffee for you.  I was VERY disappointed.  So, much, to the point that I probably won't use it for anything but conventional coffee, in a drip coffee maker, perhaps some cold brew, but definitely NOT for any espresso based drink.  The Lavazza beans always rank high, at least here on Amazon, and there's a good reason for it.  They may not be the best that you've ever had, but they won't rank near the bottom either.  Their Super Creme and Creme e Aroma, are pretty darn good, and you'll use them for what you bought them for, making espresso drinks.  I don't think that you can get it on Amazon, but Pangea Coffee Roasters has an espresso bean, that makes fantastic coffee as well.  Again, you'll use the latter three that I mentioned, and enjoy them, but the former, well, guests thought it tasted ""dusty"", with a slight ashtray taste, NOT good imo.  But each to his/her own I suppose. A heavy chain smoker may absolutely love it, but this occasional (fine) cigar smoker, will pass on this one, take care."
20,"I’ve been buying this coffee for a few months now, and have been waiting to write a review to be sure this was something I liked. I don’t have many things where I consider myself a snob, but coffee is one of them and I firmly believe life is too short to drink crappy coffee and after many pounds of this coffee I can safely say this is great coffee. Flavor is consistently good, the smell (or aroma) always gives me the shivers (in a good way), and the packaging is top notch. I like that the bag is easily resealable and a thick plastic so there’s no worry about it if I take it on vacation.I use a Breville BCG820BKSXL digital grinder that is adjustable and always gives a great grind, I have included a picture of the setting I have it set it to for pour over coffee for those that are interested but the proper grind is one of the most important parts of a proper and good cup of coffee.At the end of the day there’s a lot of coffee out there, but bang for your buck I’m really digging this coffee and having it show up at my door is part of what makes it great for me. They shipped the last 2 bags out to me via FedEx so it was at my door right away and after opening up this evenings bag to refill the hopper on my grinder I decided it was time to sit down and write a proper review."
21,"I have been on the search for more varieties of dark-roast or extra-dark-roast coffees ever since I ordered my super-automatic espresso machine. I have heard good things about this coffee from others so I decided to give it a try.The taste of this coffee was not what I was expecting. The cocoa flavor that the description describes was almost burnt in nature. The burnt cocoa flavor over-powered the entire brew no matter how many shots I pulled.The beans were lighter than any coffee I drink and sat somewhere in the medium range. Again, for a dark roast, I was looking for a dark brown to almost black coloring that adds that bold flavor I am seeking.I do not recommend this for those seeking a dark and bold roast."
22,"Just another medium roast coffee trying to masquerade as a french dark roast.  I continue to be disappointed by every single french dark roast coffee on amazon, and this one was 2 pounds I have to suffer through.  The color of this coffee is Hershey's milk chocolate medium brown, and it tastes like medium roast should.  The color of a french dark roast is dark chocolate brown, and tastes different than this.  It would be nice if just once I could find a french dark roast on amazon that was."
23,"After sampling many different beans, I finally found the right amount of roast and taste. The beans are oily but not bitter. The taste is smooth and full of flavor. I actually can use less coffee and coarser grind. No more looking, I found the perfect roast!!"
24,"We've tried several expensive brands at grocery stores. I took a chance on Koffee Kult and Wow are we surprised and happy with the coffee! Best Ever! I also purchased Lavazza Caffe Espresso Whole Bean Coffee Blend, Medium Roast and compared... Nothing like Koffee Kult! Lavazza was just a bit better than grocery store higher brands.  Now me and the wife are Stuck on Koffee Kult! The house smells Great when brewing Koffee Kult coffee. We had to purchase the Decaf too! We'll probably try other high-end coffees during the holidays, but for now we're subscribers and Very Happy with this coffee... If you try it, you won't be disappointed."
25,"FANTASTIC! This coffee exceeds all reviews. Never worked with such ""fresh"" coffee before. I use a Filtron extractor so I need a Dark Roast and about an hour into the 24hr.cold water ""brew"" cycle I noticed tons of foam covering the grounds. Thanks to a recent article on Flipboard I realized I was looking at ""Coffee Bloom"". This apparently happens only with very freshly roasted beans. Tremendous color, aroma, flavor and so smooooth!"
26,"New Review: Downgraded my rating from 5 to 2.  When it is fresh it is excellent and they used to put the roast date on the package.  Koffee Kult changed it's practice last December, however, and put the silly use by date by adding  1 year or so.  Fresh coffee does not last a year!  If you want to have excellent expresso the beans should optimally be less than 30 days old.  If it's older the crema starts to disappear and the expresso loses it's body.  It's not really their fault, Amazon has large warehouses close to customers to ensure fast delivery.  For coffee better fresh than fast.  For their 2 lb packages the turnover is fairly good and the lag time was usually no more than 2 weeks.  The 5 lb package, however, don't sell as fast.  And the last one I got was likely 2 month old. Very bad coffee.  When Koffee Kult changed it's labelling policy they received many complaints.... what irritates me is that they assured me and many other customers that they go back to their old policy.  Instead two months later they still have  not corrected the problem.  If you want to get fresh  excellent beans for the same price you can buy 5 lbs for $53 including tax and shipping from Red Bird Espresso.Old Review:  Freshest and therefore best coffee bean for espresso available through Amazon.  I tried both dark and medium.  I ordered several dark roast  and they all are around  3 weeks old, however.  The one medium roast I ordered was  1 1/2 month old.  Three weeks is best it can be I guess because of how Amazon puts everything in their warehouses.  Will be ordering dark roast from now on from Koffee Kult.  You can get fresh  beans directly from different roasters, but they charge quite a bit more... almost double on a per pound basis."
27,"I like the air-tight bag, but that’s the only positive thing I can say about this coffee.  From the first cup to the fifteenth, this coffee has been terribly boring and weak and tasteless.  Because of the $26 price tag, I intended to force myself to keep grinding the beans and drinking the coffee, but I found a similar-sized bag of Peet’s at a bulk store for $11 less.  As soon as I got home, I ground up a small batch of each, and did a taste test.  There was no comparison.  The Peet’s coffee was far superior!  And significantly cheaper!  And significantly more bold/dark roast!  And significantly more flavorful!  As for freshness, the Koffee Kult bag has a “Best By” date of next June, whereas the Peet’s bag has an actual — recent — “Roasted” date.  I won’t be taking another chance on the Koffee Kult brand.  Very disappointing.  :("
28,"We have always been the types that loaded our coffee with creamer and some sort of sweetener of flavoring.  We purchased a French press a few months ago in effort to make some coffee at home in the mornings.  As a newbie (and Starb**ks drinker), we went with the safe choice and bought the whole bean SB brand.  Once loaded up with the typical cream and sugar we enjoyed it as much as expected.  When the bag ran out I decided to look on Amazon for something new to try.  After reading a lot of reviews and researching various brands, we gave Koffee Kult a shot.  Once I opened the bag, the aroma was pretty amazing I must admit.  I brewed up the first batch in the fresh press and it smelled wonderful.  Then something crazy happened, we tried this coffee no sweeteners or flavoring....and it was great!  For the first time I think I appreciated the coffee flavor and not a hot sweet beverage.  I will admit, we used creamer since we aren't quite there yet for the full monte lol.  Also, after running that bag out, I gave another brand a shot (high ranked on Amazon) and it just didn't match the flavor of Koffee Kult.  We're on our 5th or 6th bag now that just arrived and I keep some at work as well as the house.  I'd say give it a shot if you are thinking about branching out from the normal Starb**ks stuff.  Thanks and enjoy!"
29,"I've used this bean to make French Press, Keurig, espresso, and cold brew, so I've experimented with this bean quite extensively.The flavor is good.  It's a deep, chocolatey bean.  Not sweet.  Not nutty.  Not citrusy.  If you like straight-ahead no frills coffee flavor like I do, this bean has that flavor.  So why the below average rating?It's a depressingly weak bean.  My espresso came out OK, but my cold brew was a travesty of justice.  Weak beyond pale, and I let my cold brews brew for at *least* 16 hours.  There's no excuse for that.  Same deal with the French Press: there is no excuse for a bean to make watery weak french press coffee.Supposedly the Thunderbolt is a stronger, bolder roast.  I'll give that one a try, but this one is a no-go."
30,"We have been using this coffee in our Jura J8 machine to make espresso and lattes for around a year. I love the depth of flavor. Smooth, but not so smooth that it doesn’t taste like dark roast. My husband doesn’t typically drink espresso every day, but he uses this same coffee in a french press for his morning joe. Nearly everyone, including my coffee snob friends, who have tried this coffee at our house want to know what it is and where to buy it. My friend, who put himself through school as a barista, insisted that an espresso from a fully automatic home machine would never taste as good as “real coffeehouse espresso.” When our machine produced a ‘really good’ espresso he still wasn’t willing to give the credit to our Jura machine, but he did go home with a photo of the Koffee Kult bag so he could buy some. From him, that’s a ringing endorsement!"
31,"We have been absolutely delighted with this superb coffee. We had happily used the Keurig for years, but decided we had enough of the convenience and high cost of our Keurig. Mostly we just wanted to find a better tasting coffee than we could find with a pod machine. We tried a number of coffee,s and were not certain we had made the right decision until we tried Koffee Kult Coffee Beans Dark Roasted. We have never enjoyed coffee more than we do now. And with our fantastic new Ninja coffee maker, we can make one cup as easily as 1 pot of coffee. So if it is time for you to toss your Keurig, or if you just want to find a great tasting coffee, this is a great one to try."
32,"The bag I received had no roast date, but from the expiration date it was clear the coffee had been roasted over three weeks prior to shipment.Since I paid quite a bit for ""guaranteed fresh"" coffee I was going to return it, but it wasn't eligible for a return so I opted for a refund. I still had the bag after receiving the refund (thanks Amazon!) so I opened it up and immediately knew there was no way this was good coffee. There was literally no coffee smell. What little odor it did have was sour, and the beans were very oily. I went ahead and ground it medium for my drip machine and made a cup. Quite literally the worst cup of coffee I've every tasted. I enjoy a quality cup of coffee, but I don't turn my nose up at the free coffee at work either. This stuff was so sour I couldn't choke it down. What I received was far from what the rave reviews I read described."
33,"There was a spectacular screw up shipping this order to me, not only requiring me to sign to take delivery of a bag of coffee beans, but also paying the full price to receive it, COD. KK and I are not sure what exactly happened, but I lodged a strong complaint with KK, and as a result today I received SIX pounds of whole bean in a variety of roasts, an awesome KK mug and a back back to boot! I received four emails and they even called me twice to make sure all was well. I've never experienced this level of customer service. Talk about above and beyond!I love a dark, rich, hearty pint of coffee in the morning and this does the trick perfectly. I grind fine, use my Cuisinart Drip Maker on ""Bold"" and ""1-4"" cups and put in about six 8 ounce cups of water and voila. It is only surpassed by a place near me that roasts their own beans, grinds and then makes on the spot.I a"
34,"I am not a coffee expert by any means but I know what I like. I just began using a Baratza Encore grinder and decided to change up my bean game and try something other than Whole Foods and Costco beans. After some research I decided to try Koffee Kult Dark Roast beans. It is everything that the positive reviews say it is. High quality beans, fresh, not oily, bold, super smooth, no bitterness, no burnt taste, no rocks. I use a Cuisinart drip machine. Nothing fancy but after tasting these beans I may need to up the brewing end of my game. Great customer service! Contacted me twice, provided me with great brewing guidelines and an additional email to make sure I am happy with the coffee. Highly recommended from a regular coffee guy."
35,"I like the coffee, it is pretty good. Smooth dark roast. It's not my favorite (I prefer Peet's Major Dickason's Blend or DeathWish) but is worth buying more than once. I took one star off not for the coffee itself but for the bag. Now this could have just been the one bag that I got, so YMMV. The front of the bag has a ziploc seal, and the bag I got was just about the most frustrating thing I have ever tried to close. The way the bag was manufactured caused the halves of the ziploc seal to be misaligned, making it nearly impossible to close. I am an engineer with decent dexterity and it took me 6 tries to close the bag one time. Another time it seemed like it was closed and it wasn't, and I accidentally left it unsealed. If the resealing system is bad, it defeats the entire point of offering a resealable bag.If you buy this, ignore the ziploc seal and open the bag from the top as usual, you will probably get a better seal by folding the bag over and using a bag clip than you would with the ziploc on here, and it will save you the frustration."
36,"We have been drinking Kicking Horse 454 for awhile now and tried Koffee Kult Dark Roast to change things up.  Short version is this coffee isn’t very good.  It’s a medium roast at best and flavor isn’t very good.By the way, oil on beans is NOT an indication of coffee being stale or bad.  I roast my own beans during summer months using top quality single origin beans.  Oil is an indication of roast profile.  Generally a darker roast (e.g. Vienna or French Roast) results in an oily bean, even when fresh.  My freshly roasted beans have oil on them just a couple days after roasting (you don’t want to drink a freshly roasted for about 48 hrs, especially dark roasts).  My experience is oily beans often are the best dark roasts."
37,I love this coffee and am a HUGE fan BUT I must attest to the fact that when buying directly I have gotten fresher roasted beans that are very noticeable in quality vs. the same bags I have bought from Amazon that have no roast date!  I think it's worth it to pay a little more and buy directly from their site for better quality and a roast date! If you love the taste from Amazon buy directly and you'll notice a huge difference!
38,"This is probably most expensive coffee I've bought.  I expected some at least ""very good"", but my experience was well ""below expectations"".  I expect good whole-bean coffee to appear ""shiny"", yes oily, when the bag is opened.  The Kult product was dry.  Very.  And the flavor is certainly not rich. It's not a ""bad"" taste, but nothing more than okay / meh.  I've spent significantly less on coffees that outshine these beans.  So I guess I'll never be a member of this Kult.Take this as you will.  Lot's of people appear to love this stuff.  So maybe I have bad taste.Whatever."
39,"After reading all the glowing reviews I sure expected a great cup of coffee. My first clue it wasn’t to he was when I looked at the dry and most definitely not dark roasted beans. Just to be sure I made a cup in my coffee press and it tasted like hot water. I could not be more disappointed and feel ripped off. This coffee sucks. It isn’t dark and it has no flavor at all,"
40,"This was my first time purchasing whole bean coffee on Amazon.  After reading many reviews, I got lucky when I selected Koffee Kult Dark Roast Coffee Beans.  I experienced the best home brewed coffee I've ever made.  I immediately called my middle son, who brews only espresso, and invited him over.  When he arrived we brewed a fresh pot, and he stated "" it was the best cup of drip coffee he had ever had.""  I used a Barista Encore grinder set on 20, a Moccamaster  KBG-741-AO drip coffee machine, 12 heaping teaspoons of this coffee, and 40 ounces of water straight from my well (our water is soft).  If you like dark roast coffee you really should give this coffee a try."
41,"I had high hopes for this coffee and was extremely disappointed with it and with Kult Corp's customer service.I have a breville barrista and tried many different settings in an attempt to get a smooth non-bitter espresso.  I wasted lots of coffee in the process.  I used all grinds, fine, course and in between and couldn't shake the bitter taste.  I am a fan of dark french roast but I never had any quite this bitter.Kult Corp., will inundate your inbox with emails looking for feedback and when I asked for help on three different occasions, I got one response that didn't make sense and two others that simply stated thanks for your feedback.  Why bother asking if you won't do anything to make a prospective future customer happy.  Lastly when I explained this to them again most recently (when I receive yet another email); all I got was thank you for your feedback and there are lots of coffees out there to try.Don't bother with this.  Try all the other coffees out there in the world."
42,"What I like most about this product is that it was roasted by Koffee Kult, whose coffees are consistently good and whose customer service is stellar.  I decided to try the Dark Roast, after thoroughly enjoying both Kenya and Sumatra, especially Kenya, but I guess my taste for variety went a bit too far.  Although very good, Dark Roast did not suit my taste preferences as well as Kenya. The great people at Koffee Kult, without prompting, made sure my experience continues to be 5 star and I will continue to be a very loyal customer."
43,"We're fussy about our coffee so searching for that perfect coffee has been a journey of small rewards and some raging disappointments.  That said, trying Koffee Kult dark roast coffee beans was a wonderful surprise.  The beans aren't over roasted so they're not oily.  The resulting coffee is consistently smooth and flavorful - the best we've had in a while!"
44,"I buy a lot of coffee for my fellow teachers. I have had this brand before but perhaps it was a different roast. Several of us  at work all thought it had a charred and bitter taste. We tried adjusting the grind and even tried different brew methods such as drip, French press, Aeropress, and Turkish. We just couldn't make it taste less bitter or charred. I will try a smaller bag of something different and see what happens. Taste is subjective so you may enjoy. It seemed fresh and had a nice crema. Shipping also took much longer than other brands we have tried. Like I said, we will give it another go before giving up on it."
45,"I’m very picky when it comes to my coffee and I have not been able to find a great tasting coffee until now!!! I’ve been going to Starbucks each morning but now I don’t need to!!!! The cool thing is I run myself a single cup because I like my coffee a bit strong and then I can run it a second time for my husband who doesn’t enjoy his strong. The fact that you can get two cups out of one tablespoons insane to me and super cool. The second cup taste like coffee taste from most coffee grounds. Love this stuff!!! Fast delivery, nicely packaged, and very fresh!!!"
46,"So many months ago I ordered this coffee and thought, awesome! I have a bulk option for good coffee for my home and office, I even subscribed to autoship thinking it had to be good, right? No, no it was not good, it was SOOOO weak!!! NO flavor at all, these beans are not dark roasted at all!I must have forgotten to unsubscribe to the autoship because here is another 80oz of whole bean not even close to dark roasted despair in a kitchy black bag!!! And I can't return it so I opened it and tried it again... freaking bland coffee. Much disappoint considering I just had 65.00 of my cash sucked out of my wallet for coffee that makes my entire being sad.In short, do not order this if you like coffee with any body or flavor."
47,This coffee is great. It is a dark roast coffee unlike what other comments are saying. I noticed they offer different varieties. This is very high caffeinated and smooth coffee. It also doesn’t bother my acid reflux after drip brewing 3 cups to get through the day. It compares well with the coffee I purchased straight from a coffee bean farm when I was in Costa Rica on my study abroad.
48,"Tried this based on many positive reviews.To start with this is a dark roast - does have a bold, burnt flavor which I am not a big fan of.Had tried multiple medium and dark roast and found this to have a strong burnt flavor.** was putting the beans into my superautomatic and then was shocked to see a large stone along with the beans**Packing stones with coffee just makes this coffee SUBSTANDARD and not fit for consumption.*** DONOT BUY THIS COFFEE ******* NOT WORTH BREAKING YOUR MACHINES GRINDER AS THE TASTE IS AWFUL TOO***"
49,"This is no better than what I get at Costco in a pinch, maybe worse. I got a migraine the day I made it which makes me wonder if its high in mold ( a common trigger).  It’s not fresh, air is in the bag and it has a best by day 18 months from now. Not quite the same as a 3rd wave roast which is what they seem to be portraying with the price."
50,"I have purchased this coffee before, but something changed. While the aroma seemed right, the beans were not nearly as dark (generously, it was a medium to dark brown) as I expected. Those who prefer a dark coffee will understand when I write that I could not drink the coffee I made with these beans. I cleaned out my grinder, which I only use for my preferred coffees and tried again, the beans failed again. Maybe it was just the batch - easy to understand if that occurred, but truly dark roasted beans are getting harder to find and my preference for a dark coffee borders on, no is obsessive. I realize that Coffee Kult might be tempted to send me another package - please do not. The other bags of your coffee were superb and this was the exception. If you have changed your recipe for dark coffee, let me know - I’m sure that would have based on research. If not, and if you don’t think it was a bad batch, than maybe my tastebuds, eyes and nose have failed me - quite possible and I would not doubt it.Note to those who screen these reviews: please don’t make this public. Just share with the company. Thank you."
51,"**Update** I was not impressed by this coffee when brewed with a pour over/drip or in a French press...BUT, when brewed in a moka pot it was very good, and can imagine that true espresso would be even better. I used a fairly fine grind for the moka pot and it was bold and rich.I had much higher expectations given the reviews. The beans smelled and tasted almost identical to ""Joe's Dark Roast"" from trader Joe's (an extremely mediocre dark roast). The aroma and flavor both lacked the depth and complexity found in Peet's, Starbucks and other good dark roasts. Hard to tell the freshness since there was not a roasting date on the bag, but they did not smell extremely fresh. Also, there was a LOT of air in the bag, it was not vacuum sealed. I played around with the grind size, and brewed both in my bonavita pour over maker as well as a French press. The press tasted better than the pour over with this bean, but still nothing ground breaking with these two methods.Sticking with Starbucks and Peet's for daily pot of coffee, will use these beans when I brew the moka pot."
52,"If this was labeled as a ""Sumatra"" Dark Roast, I would give it 5 stars, but this is not a typical Dark Roast. Its sweet and has a bitter follow through. Just like all Sumatra's I have had in the past and I don't like that flavor in my coffee. The beans have the appearance of a medium roast as well, they are light to medium brown in color, not a dark brown like you would expect to see in a dark roast bean, there is no trace of any oils on the beans at all like you expect in a darker roast as well. The switch is like this, I prefer bold oak smokey spicy red wines, this was like getting a sweet red table wine... Yuck. I will save it for emergency use."
53,"I'm beginning to think ratings may mean nothing in today's world... the game is to give away free product for good ratings... gone are the days of ""oh, it has best rating... I'll buy this one!""Koffee Kult Dark Roast - it gives me the impression of being at a hotel that was offering a Keurig machine with a generic k-cup coffee offered for brewing... it's a smooth tasting, bland coffee with no aftertaste.. the flavor just isn't there.  I tried to brew it stronger and it's still weak on flavor (I doubled the recommended amount to give it a second try... still bland).I'd give it a ""C"" if I were grading it. I'm still a fan of Community Coffee... and I'll still be looking for a coffee bean that I will love the coffee once brewed."
54,"Very weak for a ""dark roast."" I had to check the bag to see if it really said ""dark roast"" because it truly tastes like a medium. Also, upon first opening the bag, it had that ""older not quite fresh bean"" smell. Not especially oily either. No roast date, but it said it's good until November 2021. Huh?! That's ONE FULL YEAR and four months from now. How would it even be palatable by then? This was a good sign. San Francisco and Peet's Major Dikason are FAR superior dark roasts IMHO. It is smooth and not BAD, just not very flavorful."
55,"I try different brands all the time.  I read teviews and go from there. Ive been pretty lucky so far. Ive only regretted a purchase once Not all the coffees are a favorite of mine. I keep searching for that favorite. So far I have a few standards I keep because I know I'll get a consistently good cup of coffee from them. This ranks right up there with the standards Ill keep looking until I find the ""knocks me off my feet""  but this is a close 2nd. More of a knocks me to my knees. Will definitely keep these on hand."
56,"Having spent some time in Costa Rica, I was happy to find my Costa Rican brand of espresso on Amazon. It was recently unavailable, and being extremely particular about my coffee I just had to do a bit of research before trying a new brand. Koffee Kult was at the top of almost every review I read out there, so I decided to give it a shot (no pun intended). Well, I have no regrets! Just had my first cup this morning, and I was relieved and thrilled to find it more-than-worthy of being my new favorite. Robust, smooth, with low acidity... it brews an absolutely perfect espresso. Yay!"
57,"Let me start with some background.  I live in rural Kentucky and have been on a search for good beans for a while.  I have a burr grinder, french press combo that I've been using for going on 5 years now that have suited me well.  Normally I get whole beans at the local grocery stores like Kroger or Walmart.  These were not great, but were a far cry better than pre-ground coffees.  Lately the supply has been drying up.  The only whole beans I can find lately have been Starbucks brands.  I like dark roast coffee but really don't like Starbucks.  To my palate they seem burned. So, I went on a search for a decent replacement.I came across this coffee based on the reviews and the price point.  I'm frugal enough that I don't like spending a fortune on non-essentials; but I'm willing to pay a bit more for an improvement.  This coffee fits that bill perfectly.  I was paying somewhere around $8 bucks for a 12oz. bag of beans when I could find them.  These were decent enough beans, but not great.  On reading of these Koffee Kult beans, I saw that if I went for the 5 pound bag the price point was at 0.62 per oz.  Hell, I was paying 0.66 an oz for beans that I didn't love, so this was worth the price even at the 0.72 an oz the 2 pound bag was set at.I couldn't convince myself to go ahead and buy the 5 pound bag since if I didn't like them I'd be stuck drinking them anyway(again, frugal).  So I settled for the 2 pound bag.  I ordered on a Friday night and my beans were waiting on my porch when I got home from work on Monday.  I had ran out of my old beans that morning so I was glad they came on time (fast).  Thanks Amazon Prime for the free 2 day shipping on this purchase.I went ahead and cut open the bag and moved the beans to some airtight containers I keep in my cabinets away from the light.  I took a good whiff and knew I'd like these beans.  They weren't overly strong smelling, but with a good dark coffee smell and just a hint of spiciness.  I put them up and looked forward to the morning.Tuesday morning I ground up some beans and prepared them in my Bodum French Press.  I really enjoyed them.  They make me want to get a larger coffee cup to carry to work every day because I finish the one I have long before I'm ready to be done with the coffee.  I had a heart attack early this year so don't really want to press my luck on caffeine intake...but this coffee makes me want to.  Don't worry, my cardiologist says I'm fine as long as I keep it below 4-5 cups a day since I don't drink soda.  But my little 3 cup insulated cup might need an upgrade.Now, I'm not going to say this coffee is a revelation or the greatest thing since sliced bread (what's so great about sliced bread anyway?).  What I will say is that it is much better than what I was buying at near about the same price point.  It's a heady, dark, chocolaty drink with just a hint of spice.  Dark without the bitterness of burned beans (I'm looking at you Starbucks).  If you are grinding your own beans (which you should) then I would recommend you give these beans a shot.I don't know if I'll buy the 5 pound bag next time.  I'm going to wait and see how the beans hold up over time in my cabinet before I make that call.  What I do know is that I'll be ordering these again when I start to run out of what I have."
58,"This coffee is perfect if you have a coffee shop or if you are able to finish 2 lbs in 2-3 days. If you are a normal user, Do not buy it. These guys needs to sell in an 8oz/12oz package to get me to use it again.Once you open the bag, taste and freshness are out of the world, 3-4 days after the taste starts to become just OK. I also need to change the grinding setting on my Breville so the machine does not overextract. 2 weeks into the bag the coffee is almost bad.Illy preserves the consistency over the whole week after opening the can, and this is something that I ""unfortunately"" cant find in all these small roasters."
59,"I had high hopes for this coffee. I am usually a Don Pablo man myself but I have been trying different dark roasts to see what else is out there. I gave the coffee 2 stars instead of 1 because at least it had caffeine in it...First of all this was not a dark roast. I wouldn't say it was a light roast either. Maybe a leopard roast? Its like they took a little of what ever was left over threw it a bag and said 'looks more dark than light. It's a dark roast!' A dark roast should be relatively evenly dark. The beans should be almost black and have a wonderful oily sheen to them. Take a look at the two pictures below. The Koffee Kult leopard, I mean, dark roast is on the right and a good dark roast is on the left. See the difference?I was hoping that the taste would make up for the unevenness of the beans.  Boy was that a mistake. The initial taste wasn't bad while it was hot. It tasted like a light roast and, as I expected, had a buzz also similar to a light roast. About 10 minutes after my initial sip I started to get serious heartburn. I admit I have gut problems and gravitate twords low-acid coffee, but this was a foldgers level  gut-bomb.  As an added bonus, I started to detect a mildew flavor once the coffee cooled down.  I am guessing that contributed to the afore mentioned gut-bomb. Needless to say, one cup was all I could stand.So long story short I would save your money and look elsewhere. $27 is not a ton of cash for 2lbs of coffee but there are less expensive options out there that taste a whole lot better and won't leave you feeling like you want to yack 10 minutes after you drink a cup."
60,"First off I cold brew my coffee. I grind the beans coarsely and then put them in a large glass container and brew them in the fridge over night. I then take it out and filter it and store again in the fridge for the next few days. I use whole cream in my coffee. I am a high fat diet person. Now the coffee. I can say that this is a bold coffee. It is not bitter at all, but still has a nice strong flavor. It has a bit of a burnt tinge to it but it is a dark roast so that is not unexpected. I would say that this is one of the better dark roasts out there. The beans are oily which means they have been roasted very recently. Some snobs would say that you should not use coffee so freshly roasted but wait a week for it to off gas a bit. I am not sure if that is true but I made this coffee the day I received it and then again just today and it is the same. It may brew differently with hot water but I have not tried it that way. I have a bag of the Medium roast as well but have not tried it yet. I will post that after I try it. I did roast this coffee and Subtle Earth Medium Dark roast side by side and I would say that they were close, but the Koffee Kult had a bolder taste since it was all dark roast. If you like dark roast I would definitely give this brand a try. The reviews are accurate but it did not blow me away with the first cup so I think 4 stars is accurate and the smell was good but not the best I have smelled."
61,"Yes the beans smell fantastic.  That was intoxicating.  But when I brewed this up in a Miele coffee brewing system I needed very little sugar or cream to make this taste like chocolate had been infused into the smoothest dark coffee you can imagine.  If this were free of caffeine I could and would drink it all day long.  Just delicious taste and smell with not a hint of bitterness, acidity or bite.  Just lovely stuff.  Had some beans I bought from a specialty shop in Lima Peru that were as smooth but not as robust.  This is even better."
62,"i have been grinding and drinking only italian roast coffee. my usual coffee website was out of my favorite(megdalia d'oro) so i decided to got amazon and see what everyone else was drinking. ordered this on saturday and was delivered sunday pm. i was anxious to try this i emptied out my bean dispenser on my espresso machine and poured this in. i just had a cup and i think i heard angels singing. this was delicious. no bitterness, so smooth and a hint of chocolate."
63,"I am often on the go but feel guilty for using Keurig pods because they produce so much waste. Long story short, I ordered reusable Keurig cups and purchased this blend to use in them after reading all the glowing reviews. I enjoy dark blends but was sorely disappointed by the lack of flavor. I experimented over the period of a few weeks by adding varying amounts of ground coffee to the reusable K-cup to see if it improved or strengthened the flavor. I tried everything from a half-filled K-cup to a fully packed K-cup and experimented with different grind types...I even tried using several different Keurig machines. No luck. The brew remained watery and flavorless."
64,"Caveat:  my method my be to blame but I am determined to stick with it.I want to use my Keurig machine along with reusable k-cup pods and fresh ground beans.  I’ve tried several highly rated brands but struggled to find one that will produce a strong enough flavor using this method.This one fell short.  I eventually found one that fills the bill with Valhalla from Death Wish Coffee Company.  Just a great cup!That said, if using another brewing method I’d bet Koffee Kult would be very good."
65,"I ordered one 32 ounce bag of the dark roast ans it was absolutely delicious. Great aroma, nice beans, I have tried many different brands of beans from Amazon and elsewhere and to my taste & smell, this coffee cannot be beat. Just ordered bag number two and subscribed. If it is good as bag number one, I will have to increase the frequency of delivery from one per month to one every week or two. I was going to keep searching for the ultimate bang for the buck, but this one stopped me in my tracks. I hope my search is over. Will be in Fort Lauderdale soon to visit family and I might just hop over to Hollywood (next town over) to visit the Koffee Kult store. I may be joining a ......KULT!"
66,"In the last 20 years or so I've become a little picky with the coffee that I drink.....actually, to be perfectly honest, I am now a confirmed coffee snob.It's been many years since I went to any retail establishment to buy a cup of coffee, mainly because they can't make it as good (for my taste) as I can. I like it strong!! The taste of coffee is very subjective....what's good for me is not good for the next person.....I told you I was a snob.For the last 10 or more years, I've been buying Starbucks French Roast Dark - Bold coffee beans, which I grind fresh every morning. I wanted to make the switch to an Organic coffee bean and settled on Koffee Kult based on the reviews.I use about 15 ounces of filtered water and 2 heaping scoops of beans to make my coffee in a drip pot......I tried that formula with Koffee Kult and found that it was very slightly weak, so the next cup I increased the beans by 1/2 scoop (to 2 1/2) and that  is my new  measurement....it's absolutely delicious!It'll probably take a week or so of fooling around with the grind and measurement to see if I want to adjust anything, but I know now that I will be buying this coffee bean again. This truly is a very good coffee."
67,"So I bought this coffee because it was on special on Amazon. I figured, it can't be that good but for this price I'll give it a shot.Fast forward to two weeks later, the very thought of having to go back to my regular brand has me breaking out in cold sweats. Like, I'm literally looking at my budget to see what I need to cut out in order to get my next fix. I drink my coffee black, and when they tell you that the dark roast is smooth with no bitter aftertaste, they ain't lyin' Jack.Thought ""One of Us"" was just a cute little catchphrase on the bag. It's not. And now, I am. Rolling quarters to try Eyeball Cracker next."
68,"This is easily one of my favorite coffees, and I'm quite picky. The quality and taste is comparable to Kicking Horse and Peet's. I haven't tried the lighter roasts, but the dark roast is lovely. It has a rich, complex flavor and gentle aftertaste - no bitterness. It's not quite as smoky as a French Roast, and it reminds me more of a Sumatran type than what you usually get with something from Latin America (which is usually more nutty & crisp; this is smooth and dark). It's comparable to Kicking Horse's Kickass Dark, but Koffee Kult is smooth and finishes gently due to it's lower acidity, while the Kicking Horse finishes a bit more bright.I've bought this coffee several times and will definitely continue buying. The company is great as well, their customer service is on point with quick replies and genuine, friendly customer engagement. It's obvious they care a great deal that their customers are not just satisfied, but elated with their purchase."
69,"We are not coffee snobs by any stretch of the imagination but do like coffee that smells great accompanied by a great taste. We have tried a variety of artisanal beans (Starbucks, Kick Ass Coffee, Lavazza, Jamaican, Hawaiian Kona, etc) and they were good, but wanted to try something different.  The Koffee Kult dark roast beans made a very good brew, so much so that we ordered a second batch and will continue to do so. We lean towards dark, robust beans since they give you that ""oomph"" you need to get rolling in the morning and this dark roast does not disappoint. It's a lovely blend of Sumatran,Columbian, and Guatemalan beans, our 3 favorites. Great coffee depends on a variety of factors but in the end, only taste and smell can give you a real result. It has a very smooth taste with low acidity. Paired with a touch of cream and sugar it's pretty darned yummy. Did I just say yummy? Yep, sure did- cause that's exactly how it tastes!"
70,"I received my dark roast and opened up the bag to find that these beans are really a medium roast at best. Maybe this is ""dark"" for this company's line but hardly dark for the purposes of what dark roast should be in terms of depth, color, and flavor. The beans are a solid light-medium to medium roast color and absolutely no oils are present on the beans. I will look elsewhere for a dark roast. The flavor of the coffee is fine for a medium roast and they seem fairly fresh. The bag seal is not easy to close. I had to pour them into a sealed container. I won't purchase this again."
71,"I received the coffee yesterday and could smell it before I opened the box.  A good sign.  This morning I ground some and made a pot.  The aroma in the house is great.  Just like the old fashioned  coffee I remember.  It has a wonderful aroma in the cup and the flavor is really very pleasing black.  And, doesn't diminish with creamer.This coffee is a little pricey but it seems to be worth the extra cost.  I've been trying many coffees, looking for a favorite and KK will be close.Also, I'm so happy that someone has finally made a coffee bag  that can be resealed!!!!"
72,"I am changing my previous rating not based on a change in my feeling about the product, it is a high quality coffee that happens to be too acidic for my palate which i think is a preference difference not a quality issue, but due to my experience with their customer service.I tried kult coffee, wrote my review,  and moved on with my life. I did not request a refund since I used the product and still use it now blended with other beans with a better result for me.I was very surprised to hear from Sammy at kult coffee explaining how as a small company they really care about their customers experience and proactively offered me a refund. I buy a lot of items from amazon and this is the first time a seller has reached out to me to offer a refund that was not requested.While there is no guarantee listed on the package actions speak louder than words. Kult coffee cares about your experience with their product and if you have an issue just let them know. In my experience they are committed to make it right.My original review remains below unchanged:Too acidic!I was looking for a low acidic dark roast coffee. This brand comes highly rated so I bought it along with my new Bonavita connoisseur machine. I grind the whole beans with a capresso burr grinder. The coffee has good flavor but a very acidic taste. To make sure it was not the process as the bonavita is known for brewing at the higher end of the appropriate temperature range potentially producing a more acidic taste I tried Peet’s and a wegmans dark roast the same way with much better results.I am wondering if I got a bad batch or if this is the flavor profile of the coffe as many people prefer a more acidic bright taste.Good company, tastee coffee, my bag is way more acidic than expected."
73,Likes - bag it comes in (should make it resealable)Dislikes - states Dark Roast this is a Lie. It is a medium Roast at best.  It brews like a Columbian no doubt . even when used in French press it did not save this as a dark roast.  Although it gave it more body. Was not any closer to dark roast .
74,"I love this coffee. Product was delivered on time and fresh. Very nice flavor. I had seen this coffee on Amazon for several years with excellent reviews but never purchased because it's not within my budget. Out of curiosity, I finally broke down and spent the money to see for myself why this coffee was getting such excellent reviews. I can now say that all of the five-star reviews are justified, in my opinion. I won't be able to continue to purchase on a regular basis due to the cost, but hope to treat myself every now and then as this was certainly a treat. If it is within your budget, I would highly recommend giving it a try."
75,"I really like Death Wish Valhalla Java. I was looking for some coffee that was similar or better than that. I found a website that ranked this coffee above Valhalla Java; I was excited to give it a try! I would say it is okay tasting, but overall I did not like the taste of it. It seems like I was missing some flavor notes that Valhalla seems to hit. Maybe I bought the wrong style roast, but this coffee did not do it for me. If you think there is a coffee that is better suited for me, let me know and I would like to give it a try."
76,"My wife originally purchased this coffee for me without my review or consideration.  I'm a regular espresso/coffee drinker (3 per day) and I appreciate quality and will pay for good quality coffee.  I was skeptical of this coffee since I had never heard of it, had a funny brand name, and wasn't a coffee I had heard about from others.This has to be one of the best finds my wife has ever come across.  The coffee is wonderful coffee and I always seem to gravitate back to this coffee when I am looking to order more beans.  I will state that I use these beans in a quality Espresso maker so that also may add to the quality brew that I get.  I've also tried the Thunderbolt and that is good as well, but I think the Dark Roast is some of the best beans I've ever used.I'd recommend these beans to anyone looking for a quality coffee!"
77,"These coffee beans are the absolute BEST! It’s rich flavor is the only coffee my husband will ever have ever since he’s tasted it MONTHS ago. We are regular consumers to say the least. Recently there was a hiccup of no fault to Koffee Kult, but of Amazon and Koffee Kult made it right with us before 24 hours even passed! We HIGHLY recommend this coffee and we’re so appreciative of their fantastic customer service!"
78,"Absolutely delicious. I'm a casual coffee drinker really, I drink maybe twice a week but even I was able to tell a difference in taste and quality in comparison to the whole bean coffee I'd buy from the grocery store. Before, my favorite coffee to get at the store was the original Dunkin Donuts and while it's still a good taste, it really doesn't come close to this. I made myself an iced coffee using my inexpensive espresso machine with this coffee and it was so good that I had to make another cup right away. I would definitely recommend this especially considering the price and the amount of coffee you get."
79,"This is an EXCELLENT cup of coffee.  It is dark, bold, robust, and just a hint earthy.  It arrived 2 days BEFORE the earliest estimated arrival date and, as an added bonus, the sticker on the packaging said that the beans were roasted the very same day that I placed the order.  Assuming that's true, it's hard to get something fresher than that when you order online!Also, shoutouts to the design of the bag.  It's resealable...and not the type of resealable that requires you to rip your way past some glue first, tear the bag in half, and then you spill beans everywhere.  Oh no.  This bag has a perforated little tab.  Poke that out, gently pull, and you have full access to a stiff but workable ziploc-style seal.  It's really, really well designed...well-designed enough for me to notice.Also, I like the pic of the squirrel.All around, this is excellent coffee, and I look forward to another cup tomorrow!"
80,"I grew up in the coffee city of Seattle and I've had a lot of amazing coffee. Even so, this has to be right up there at the top of my list!It is such a treat to wake up to the aroma of fresh, beautifully roasted, decadently delicious cup of this rich dark elixir of life. Mmmmmm... It going to be a beautiful day! At least that's what this gorgeous cup of Joe is telling me with each smooth sip... Ahhhhhh!"
81,"My search for a great but slightly more economical coffee to satisfy my daily espresso habit led me to Koffee Kult; my love for great espresso will keep me coming back for more.First I should say that I am not a connoisseur of fine coffee.  I am someone that loves coffee and I know what I like in a coffee. Don't ask me to explain the nuances and notes of flavor.  What I can tell you is that the Koffee Kult Dark fits my taste perfectly.  The roast is dark but not burnt (think large coffee shop) and the aroma is intoxicating.  Once I dialed in the grind for my Saeco Via Venezia I was rewarded with beautiful double shot with a nice crema and an amazing flavor. The shot is rich and almost buttery with only a hint of bitterness that just reminds you that it is espresso. To my palate it is just about perfect.  At about $12USD/LB these beans are an outstanding value.  As others have mentioned, supermarket coffee is priced the same or higher and is not even in the same league.  This might well be my new ""go to"" bean for espresso."
82,"Very good coffee, and a good value for the money. My first batch was prepared with a hand cranked burr grinder and a french press. I use a standard water filter pitcher with generic cartridges. This produced a very strong, yet smooth, beaker of coffee with a rich aroma that you can only get from fresh ground beans. The roast is lighter than I expected, but it wasn't a disappointment at all.Do not buy if you don't have a good storage solution for whole beans! You'll need an air-tight container, preferably something with a CO2 valve but this is not essential. Do not just store the beans in the bag, they'll go stale long before you finish 2 pounds of coffee even if you have a heavy daily habit."
83,"I was so excited to get this based on the good reviews I skimmed. i should have read the one star reviews. This ""coffee' is  just so bland. It goes down smooth with just a little aftertaste, but I can't even describe the aftertaste.  It is like drinking hot muddy water. Beware that you can't return this. For the price I paid, I feel I was ripped off. From the roasted date on the bag, 11/11- it is almost a month and a half old. I am afraid to use anymore after reading the reviews about rocks in the bag and ruining peoples grinders. You can get better coffee on sale at your local grocery store. Seriously, any coffee you buy there will taste better than this, and you will save more than 50% of your money."
84,"Man... I had high hopes for this coffee after reading all the great reviews but it just didn't ""cut the mustard.""  When I first opened the package... a buttery  aroma made me feel like I had done the right thing by purchasing it.  But my first let down came when I saw the beans were oilier than the whole bean stuff I usually go for.  After making my shot of espresso I didn't pick up any of the flavor notes (Chocolate, Caramel, Fruitiness, Nuts, Spice) I enjoy from the brands I typically buy (Bustelo, Illy Ethiopia, Illy Intenso, etc.)  I tried it as cappuchino and felt it was flavorless and weak.  Then I thought well lets add another shot to it.  That didn't work either... it just tasted strong with no depth to it.  I tried it in a regular coffee maker and though it tasted fresh... there was nothing special about it.... imagine fresh ground Folgers coffee.  If I'm paying top dollar I want top coffee.  The last way I tried it was in a percolator.  It was decent here.I did like the customer service from Koffee Kult and how they offer to give you a refund if not satisfied with their product however."
85,"I have started using this Koffee Kult Dark Roast in my home Jura Super Automatic machine.First impression is very good, nice package and design.The smell/aroma of the beans are great; fresh and rich. Semi oily gloss.I found that the coffee’s flavor has a nice balance of body, aroma, acidity, sweetness, and aftertaste/finish. No one component singles out, making this a very good choice of beans and also proofs that these are fresh beans and you have a very good roast.This is important to me as i drink my coffee as a cappuccino or latte most of the time , hence looking for a coffee w/ well balanced body. This one checks most boxes, very satisfied.In appearance, it also gives a nice crema', on par with Lavazza's super crema - a coffee i also enjoy greatly, and some Illy beans that are also high on my list.So far so good i must say."
86,"I was expecting great coffee after the tons and tons of positive reviews. Honestly it was just ok, I couldn’t wait to finish the bag and move on from this. Just not nearly as good as some of the popular brands."
87,"Koffee Kult Dark Roast is an excellent whole bean coffee that deviated far from my expectations.  Instead of being like traditional dark roasts that linger on the back of the tongue, the Koffee Kult left a bright and springy mouthfeel coupled with a spicy, orange chocolate type of flavor.  The hints of citrus provide a refreshing taste and the overall smoothness of the blend makes it extremely drinkable.  I found myself craving another pot after brewing for the first time and will definitely be buying from these roasters in the future."
88,"I found this brand particularly suitable for a automatic coffee maker and found it's taste to be consistent and predictable. I use the same ratio of home ground coffee and distilled water every morning. I do enjoy a hot cup of coffee with low acidity and medium flavor.  Another positive is not getting on a high from the caffeine.  A cup of coffee should be consumed slowly, in a relaxed environment and if possible with a friend.  The time is well spent since it gives me time to review, plan and organize. In the end, I am well prepare to take on the day.I always look forward too and enjoy this coffee break knowing there will be no surprises."
89,"I love a strong dark coffee. I use this in my Gaggia. It smelled okay on opening, and I was excited to brew because I liked the Sumatra in this brand. I was extremely disappointed! No dark roast taste, no savory flavor and it was quite bland and the beans didn’t look dark. I’m sorry I just was unimpressed with this roast and will find it hard to use the rest of the 2lb bag."
90,*old review when this coffee was good*Extremely good coffee! Better than expected but i always have low expectations for everything. Think the 1 star reviews must be from the most  snobby coffee drinkers. I’m pretty picky with coffee and i know a good one and this is one of them.*1 star update*They must have changed the bean or the way they do things to cut costs since I last got it because it tasted so bad and is hard to make a good cup of coffee no matter how you try to brew. This was my 4th or 5th bag I’ve gotten from them and all other times were good except this one. It tasted worse than any gas station coffee. I saw some reviews warning of this but I kind of ingnored it since I’ve had it before and it was great. Anyway..never buying this coffee again. I really hate that once a company has a good product they make it cheaper and less quality to cut costs. Makes sense busisness wise but I’m out!
91,"Really Good Coffee!!!I've been buying Kirkland House 2lb, 2 packs... That = about 7.50 / lb.  It is fine coffee at a really good price.But Coffee Kult........is Amazing!  It is like a blend of Sumatra dark, with a nutty smoothness like a Duncan Donuts taste.I really like it!  I order Whole beans so that i can grind it fresh every day.  I brew it in a hamilton beach percolator 12 cup coffee pot for my wife and I.  This coffee is ~ $12.50 / lb, but i would say if you really enjoy your dark coffee, that does not get to the french roast end of the spectrum (15 seconds from roasting it to cigarette ash) then this coffee is worth a try.  I'm sure i'll buy more!"
92,I believe the reviews for this coffee. However I think I received a bad batch. I have a De’Longhi La Specialista and I could not get a good ramp or a fine grind. There was lot of fibers in the coffee beans and even the finest grind for espressso just looked dry and fibrous. The taste was lacking gusto and it seemed sour. The true test was when I made my husband a cup of decaf Duncan Donuts coffee the flavor was so much better than this coffee! I opened the bag and smelled the beans and it was sour compared to a popular Italian bag of beans that starts with an L. The expiration on Kult beans is Sep 2020. Not sure what happens but this bag was bad.
93,"The smell! Omg,  thank you for such fresh coffee that’s impossible to get in a supermarket. I used to work in importing coffee so I know the smell of excellent roasting and freshness and it is getting so hard to find. If you enjoy the best here ya go ❤️"
94,"Good coffee. Might have been great coffee but I could smell a strong aroma of coffee when I opened the shipping envelope. The bag that the coffee was in that was inside the shipping envelope did leak air. I like the coffee but won’t buy it again. If you like truly dark coffee with a full flavor, try Mayorga Cafe Cubano whole bean and save some cash. Mayorga Cafe Cubango is so dark that the froth is black. Great coffee."
95,"I bought this brand to save money. Sadly it didn’t save enough for me to dismiss the lack of flavor.I think if you don’t have a serious relationship with coffee this is good enough. It lacks  a deep full body flavor I had in my previous brand. So I am willing to pay a few dollars more for that. Will I finish what I have yes, absolutely. It’s coffee after all...."
96,I was running low on beans and ordered these. Was hesitant because there almost seemed to be a manufactured amount of hype. I honestly didn’t think that it was very mind blowing or amazing but was noticing I was drinking a little more coffee per day. Tried to switch back to the remainder of another package of beans and was almost grimacing. They truly are amazing beans that can produce amazing coffee.
97," Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Update: 25 Feb 2015Ordered a second batch and figured out the secret...they roasted my beans in the future (see vid).  Nothing against the beans but I thought this was a little sketch.*********************I took to roasting my own coffee about two years ago.  From the time I finally ""got it"" I have never really had bagged roasted coffee that could compare and had since given up the search.  That being said, my style of roasting is completely manual (whirley pop) and time consuming.  I decided to give this brand a shot thanks to its stellar reviews and I'm glad I did....What a great cup of coffee!  It is definitely one of the smoothest dark roasts around.  A word of advice, it is extremely important to get your water temp right with these beans.  You will have a substantially different cup o' joe at 198F compared to say 203F (trust me, I tried it).  I would recommend starting at a lower temp and stepping it up incrementally until it suits your taste.*********************"
98,"Searching for perfect espresso beans , with dark Italian flavor and no oily or sour taste. This coffee appears to have many positive reviews which causes me to wonder in view of my own experience with the beans.This coffee, despite all the reviews, is disappointing . It is very sour, the taste I hate. I want strong and bitter and no aftertaste. Combine it with enough milk and it's o.k."
99,"At first I was afraid to try a new coffee after drinking Starbucks dark French roast for a year, but after checking reviews for various whole bean coffees Koffee kult had the best overall reviews so I decided to give them a try and honestly it's one of the best tasting dark roasts I've ever had, it has a lot more flavor than Starbucks had and not as bitter; still has a bitter taste but with flavor, now I'm a straight coffee drinker so I don't add anything to it, I drink it straight black and it's delicious to me, my friend also tried it and she needs to make it taste sweet and even she loved it, so why not give Koffee Kult a try? Promise you you'll love it if you're into dark coffee like I am but we all have different taste buds so everyone will taste it differently"
100,"This coffee is just amazing... I am not a coffee connoisseur or even a fanatic. I just have to have a great cup of coffee (or 4) every morning and Koffee Kult's Dark Roast is just that. I take mine simply black because I do not believe in tainting the taste of good coffee with stuff like cream or sugar. My wife, on the other hand, does... with both. We both have been Koffee Kult kustomers ever since we tried it almost a year ago. If you are tired of the taste of your mornin' joe, give Koffee Kult a go! I do not think you'll be disappointed."
101,"Now that I've learned to make a decent espresso with my new machine, the Breville Barista and, after feeling very disappointed with this roast  the first six or seven tries, I can now say that, properly prepared (which holds true for any coffee, of course) this is a really wonderful roast. I'm pulling ristrettos, more-or-less, and with a number five grind over a longish period (more than 30 seconds for a ristretto, from my limited coffee knowledge, is pretty long). My coffee-water ratio is just a bit off of 1:1, say 1 coffee to 1.1 water. I got a wonderful, round, chocolaty payoff for my efforts, just as I like it."
102,"Okay,so maybe you won't be brandishing a scythe or popping from a pod,but you'll no doubt enjoy the coffee enough to want to share. Great dark and deep flavor that works best in a french press but serves beautifully from a pour over setup.Do yourself a favor and use a good quality conical burr grinder. I made the mistake of using a cheap Mr.Coffee Electric and was very disappointed. Grind correctly and you'll gladly pay the price of admission."
103,"I really like this coffee, but the Amazon description says 'roasted date on each bag' to ensure freshness. Mine came with out this and only a recommended 'use by' date, about a year a half from now. Checking Koffee Kult's website, they state that if you want coffee with a roasted date, you have to order direct from them and not through distributors.Amazon or Koffee Kult needs to correct the description in this add."
104,"Waited to write a review until I went through an entire 2lb bag of Dark Roast. This is truly GREAT coffee, especially if you enjoy darker roasts. The beans were dry & a beautiful earth color inside the bag, not over-roasted black and drenched in their own oils like *$'s or other retail brands. Pricing is consistent with locally roasted premium coffees, and actually a bit competitive considering the convenience of this just arriving at your door. I'm not a coffee afficionado, so I won't attempt to regale you in details of flavor components and so on. Ordering more after I submit this review."
105,"This is the first time for me to try this brand. I usually just go to Costco and buy Peet's. I like plain coffee. Not flavored.It is a dark, rich, flavorful coffee. But not a burned, acid dark coffee. When I opened it, the coffee beans were oily and fresh instead of dried up. I think this will make a wonderful cold brew. It is almost like a cold brew already..I did not want to waste the leftovers and made coffee ice cubes with them. Was not about to pour it down the drain.I even like the bag so much I did not want to put the beans in their container.Its a small thing to mention, but the packaging is really nice. It seals back together too. It really does, I should say, not one of those packages that says it does and doesn't"
106,"This really is a good coffee.In terms of its appearance: deep black roast with a generous oily finish.In terms of its fragrance: a robust roast smell with hints of cocoa.In terms of taste: heavy roast that fills the mouth.  Hints of rich cocoa and perhaps an ever so slight caramel finish.  No bitter aftertaste.  Definitely a coffee for those who are attracted to terms like ""robust"", ""deep"", ""rich"", and ""strong"".As such, I happily give this Koffee 4 out of 5 stars.  I am deducting 1 star because, as of May 12, 2015, the coffee costs $12.50 a pound.  Perhaps, given its eco-friendly process, this might actually be a competitive price.  I don't know.  All I know is that I am able to find really great tasting and good quality coffee between $6 to $10 a pound.  And, if a person is like myself where they desire strong coffee, they will use a lot of beans to create that perfect cup.  My wife and I easily go through 1 pound a week.  Which means we are paying $50 a month in coffee if this was our go too brew.  And that is just a household of two people.To sum up: a fantastic coffee with a great company who is sensitive to the environment.  The price is just too much in my opinion."
107,"I was looking for a non-oily bean for my super automatic and came across Koffee Kult dark roast.  I'm no coffee aficionado but am bordering on being a coffee snob.  This stuff is amazing!  Smooth, rich, aromatic and great crema.  I'm on my third, two pound bag and don't see buying anything else.  That said, my last bag was far inferior to the first two.  The beans were very oily and produced a bitter, flavorless espresso.  Fortunately, Amazon was able to issue a full refund.  My prior go to was Lavazza and while very good, it does not come close to Koffee Kult for flavor and smoothness.  I've already ordered my fourth bag of the dark roast and here's hoping that bag #3 was an anomaly."
108,"I bet the coffee is decent, but it's been sitting on a shelf in a warehouse so long that it's been ruined. Totally not fresh. Still better than starbucks or something. Just annoyed with how dried out it was."
109,"Based on all the reviews, I expected a dark, flavorful coffee, similar to the French Roast at Peet's.  This coffee, although it smells great, is light in color after grinding (the first clue -  not much different than generic coffee in color ) and has very little ""dark roasted"" flavor after brewing.  Kind of disappointed.  For some, this might be good, but it has nowhere near the deep flavor or complexity I was expecting."
110,"The coffee tasted burnt, ashy and all around not good no matter how I brewed it.  I used my Behmor Brazen plus and brewed it from 201-205F.  I brewed with shorter and longer presoak times, with grinds that were bigger than kosher salt, all the way down to standard generic pre-ground coffee and also used the metal mesh filter or paper filters.  Absolutely nothing I did made this coffee taste palatable without large amounts of cream/milk.  With all these positive reviews, it blows my mind how this coffee is so bad.  Either I got a bad batch, or my palate is severely different than thousands of people."
111,"This coffee it just what I was looking for, good whole bean coffee at a reasonable price. I am not sure what to make of the category above ""airtight storage"" as once it is opened it is no longer airtight. My only suggestion is, and this is not a big deal, is that I would like the same quantity of coffee in two or three smaller packages; at the same price of course:-)"
112,I had high hopes for this coffee and as others have said this is not a dark roast. It doesn't taste bad but I was expecting something far more bold. Also - the aroma of the fresh brewed coffee seems off. Its more Folgers/Maxwell House than it is artisan coffee.
113,"Koffee Kult makes excellent coffee!  This dark roast is smooth, bold and a little earthy.  I drink my coffee black so I am very particular about what I drink as there is no sugar or cream to cover up the taste.  This is really good coffee at a very good price."
114,"I always right a review only after I have the opportunity to really test the product. My first impression was the aroma. the coffee smells really good. once trying it for the first time I didn't like it. I use the same setting in my machine that was set for a ""french roast"" coffee and the coffee came out very light and weak flavor, but after tweaking the machine to "" strong"" and adding coffee to the mix I really like it! it taste real good and one of the things I like the most is that if it seats in the machine for sometime it doesn't get the ""burnt"" flavor.4 starts only because I do have to use more coffee then before to get the flavor i like, however I am use to a darker coffee then that and this one gives a lot of flavor without being real dark.I do like it and will buy again."
115,"Just bought an espresso machine and wanted to try some new beans. Usually I get beans from Starbucks or from a local cafe in town, but it gets expensive and the flavors have become quite predictable. The reviews for these beans were great, and they turned out to exceed my expectations. Fresh and pretty much exactly how I wanted them to taste. Tastes like a roast from one of my favorite cafes in Seoul. Definitely will be ordering again!"
116,"I'm currently on a dark roast tour, sampling all of the top brands on Amazon. I have tried a few of the KK coffees and the dark roast is by far the best one. I use the pour-over method and the flavor is nice and strong; with a nice finishing note of chocolate. Funny, but I feel like the coffee actually gets more complex as it cools down a bit.Compared to a few other brands, this is a sure fire pick (I'll update further as I try more coffees!)"
117,"I am overseas so a good hand ground cup of coffee lifts the spirt.I have ordered Starbucks and other brands with very good to moderate results.  These beans are dried out and are nasty, maybe that they very old but I cant just go to the store and return them. Not recommended!!!"
118,"This is great alternative to Lavazza for a delicious cappuccino. Where as Lavazza gives you the true taste of a cappuccino in a neighborhood bar in Rome, Koffee Kult Dark Roast leaves the impression of a smoky,  dark chocolate. As I am a huge fan of dark chocolate, I very much enjoy the taste of Koffee Kult Dark Roast. My only complaint is that it leaves a slight gritty/chalky impression in the mouth...I don't know if that is the proper description."
119,"This is an excellent coffee! The best I have purchased on Amazon. The beans are not oily yet the roast IS dark. The flavor is excellent, smooth and consistent. You'll find no bitterness in this product!"
120,"I have read through several customer reviews for several different Koffee Kult coffee products. I've become hooked on their coffee. The aroma of their coffee fills the house, it gives you the coffee jolt one is looking for all day and the robust flavors are there. There aren't any rocks - obviously they have better quality control and every time I open a shipping box Ive been able To smell the freshness of the beans. This is my go to coffee with my barista machine in the mornings. It's a little expensive but well worth it. Why go to any Starbucks when you can have Koffee Kult"
121,"This is my favorite coffee ever, but my bag arrived with a slit and beans spilling all over the bag. Pretty disappointing. This seller also does not have contact information and Amazon states that their store policy does not allow refunds or returns. Long story short, buy this coffee but from a different seller."
122,"A proper dark roast. Not as fresh as I’m used to. I’ve a favorite fresh roast from Whole Foods that is now unavailable because of quarantine.  Not excessively oily and no burnt notes. Nice resealable pack, but It arrived with no vacuum-the second coffee bean purchase from Amazon to arrive this way. I guess this is standard Amazon."
123,"I’d say you’re pretty much getting what you pay for. I’m no aficionado; I just like a good cup of coffee. It seems, after reading other reviews that bags of this stuff are all over the board. Bland, burnt, bitter, tasteless to full flavored and dynamic; no consensus at all. The beans I received made a stale, flat, weak juice with balanced acidity. I would wager there is a fair amount of robusto beans in the mix. I would also wager there is little consistency as to where the green beans come from considering the variety of reviews. This’ll work okay for my morning eye opener but not for the afternoon treat. I won’t buy this again."
124,"I've been subscribing to Koffee Kult Dark Road Coffee Beans for quite a few months now. Two pounds sometimes don't last the entire month, so when we run out and use some ""inferior"" coffee, we comment that we can't wait for the coffee delivery. Maybe it's time to order TWO bags a month. Koffee Kult is consistent from month to month. It's always fresh when it arrives, it's dark and rich without acid, very smooth and satisfying. I'm part of the Kult now."
125,"A great cup of coffee! I didn't get the aroma that lots of people describe when I first opened the bag, but I froze it as soon as it came in (only drink coffee in the morning). BUT... the next morning I brewed around 9 cups in a vacuum coffee maker and right at the end of the brewing (as with most vacuum makers), the aroma filled the house with such a great smell. The taste was equally impressive... a smooth, not as bitter as a typical dark roast, taste that went down nicely.Will definitely buy again and recommend to family and friends.Now I know why it got such a high number of reviews at such a high rating!"
126,"This coffee is DELICIOUS!! It is very very strong but has great taste. I usually do not like dark roast coffee it tastes bitter to me. This did not have that bitter after taste. It also smells incredible, I left it on my counter and my kitchen smelled amazing in a day. I highly recommend these beans, they make for a great gift too."
127,"I took a flyer purchasing this on a lightning deal, It promised a dark roast, bold flavor.  I drank this for 5 days to give it a chance.  Huge let down.  The coffee has no flavor.  Nothing.  Ground to espresso and ran double shots without any success in drawing out body or fullness.  It's coffee, not bold, not dark, nothing special.  Not sure what to do with the 1.5+ lbs still left."
128,"I've had the dark roast on subscribe and save for almost a year. I've made drip, espresso, and cold brew out of these beans and they are as amazing as all the other reviews. Knowing it is a small roastery unlike the giant corps is just icing on the cake.The dark roast isn't super dark, in a good way. my partner typically likes lighter roasts and steers away from dark roasts but LOVES this roast.Keep up the good up you guys!"
129,"I somehow came across Koffee Kult coffee and even saw a you tube video on how marvelous and fantastic this coffee is.  Never having bought any fancy coffee before and I did want something that wasn't BITTER I bought this.  It is good.  I then got two other  big name brands from the grocery store and they all taste the same to me.  NOT BITTER.  Smooth, black and good.  It all started when I went to Jack-in-the Box and ordered coffee with my breakfast.  The eager nervous man behind the counter asked if I wanted him to heat it up.  Yes please I said as I thought 'oh what have I got myself into now.'  That Jack-in-the-Box warmed up coffee was fantastic.  It made my day.  I think I will stay with the name brand coffees in the grocery store."
130,"I purchased two bags to try, been using FRC's Black Knight.  Using a conical burr grinder on a coarse ""French Press"" setting with water at 200F at 4600 Ft. elevation netted a very sour coffee that was a medium brown.  Watched my brewing time and extended to a full four and even five minutes, still no joy.  Sour, not dark roast, and I can't return it through Amazon.  Still have an unopened bag...no date.  Looks like it's my emergency coffee.  So bummed, wanted to be a believer."
131,"1000X BETTER THAN ANY STARBUCKS BEAN!!!!You get what you pay for, and ironically, this superior brand is less than SBUX when purchasing in this larger sized package. Keeps for 2-3 months un-refrigerated.Excellent Espresso Bean for using with a automatic or semi auto espresso machine.I'm never going back to Starbucks BLAND espresso beans!!!!?"
132,"This is one of the best coffees I've tasted. The flavor is rich, full bodied, balanced, and full flavored. It works great in my espresso machine. Wait till you experience the smell as you grind it--mmmmmmm!!!! I highly recommend it.An update: since trying this coffee, I have tried Lavazza Super Crema (very bland flavor--I would not buy again) and Kicking Horse (better than Lavazza but not nearly as good as Koffee Kult). The Koffee Kult coffee is way better for my taste. Try it. You won't be disappointed."
133,"I do like this company and like the product-- but only gave 4 stars for the simple reason that I like VERY strong coffee and this is not it-- sooo I am adjusting the ratio of water to coffee to discover what proportion will work best for me.. I urge folks to try this coffee though-- It may be just what you are looking for.  I see they have an Ethiopian Harrar and have just put that in my cart!  I have a really good feeling about this company!  Enjoy!UPDATE as of August 12, 2015:  OK!  I've figured it out now-- This time I brewed using a smaller mug in my single serve brew machine AND increased the amount of coffee ratio to water.  YUM!  Granted, I overfilled with coffee so I got a few bits of ground coffee in my cup, but that was most certainly NOT the fault of Koffee Kult, LOL!  LOVE THIS COFFEE and will buy again- and will also buy a larger capacity brewer!  THANKS!"
134,"I've only just gotten into artisan coffee in the past few months so I don't have a lot of room to be able to compare the overall taste and quality, but I will say with 100% certainty that the first cup I just now made with these beans was the most delicious one I have ever tasted. They seem to take really good care of their beans and the packaging. This beats what ever the family-owned coffee shop nearby can produce. Totally worth it."
135,"It's not highest quality gourmet coffe... it's just OK. Better than average, I suppose.It came relatively fresh, but I think something is off for my taste. I like bitter, biting coffee, but this one just didn't sit well with me. Thing is, I can't place what it is. Tried Petes dark roast and like it much more... weird.I'll experiment a bit, but doubt my mind will change. Will update.."
136,"When you finally find the right one, you know it!  We have tried 10 brands in the past 6 months but we know now that Koffee Kult is the one! We have been looking for great fresh dark roast beans that produce a wonderful cup of coffee without bitterness.  We grind the beans (I suggest you use a steel blade grinder that cuts rather than crushes the beans, as in a typical grinder) just before brewing, add filtered water to the espresso machine, and the result? A perfect cup of coffee!  People are starting to drop by more often, and while they seem glad to see us, I suspect this coffee is a major draw. We will absolutely keep ordering.Update: We purchased a double order a few weeks after the first one. It arrived promptly, same taste and quality. I wish this was a Subscribe and Save item."
137,"Once I brought the Amazon box inside my apartment, I already knew it contained coffee. The fresh aroma of the coffee beans could be smelt through the box. Upon opening the box, I was presented with a nice size bag of whole coffee beans.The coffee beans had a light glaze of oil on top of dark roasted beans. Not bad glaze where a coffee fanatic would say ""oh no...."" but the type of glaze that makes a person to get all smiley with a guilty pleasure-- kinda like hot, fresh Krispy Kreme Doughnuts.Anyways, I immediately used my amateur barista skills to extract a double shot with nice honey-like crema. The quality and dedication to their product can be instantly tasted. A strong, dark roasted coffee bean that doesn't over bite from being burnt or being too bitter.Their business was my pleasure."
138,"Pretty mediocre ""dark roast"" that is not dark. I used this for cold brew, mostly, and it's still harsh as hell.  Given that the price point is not low (per pound what I pay for far superior roasts via Trade), it's bad value for money.  even on amazon, you can do better for the money.  Honestly, I was halfway turned off by the K spelling (Koffee Kult), and with good reason....more image that quality."
139,"I'll give you the bottom line at the top. This is good stuff.I use a french press and it's got good, full flavor, without being bitter, which is exactly what I was looking for so I am thoroughly happy with this coffee.It smells super good when you open it, and after grind it, and after you brew it. The beans have a nice sheen to them when you open it up too; mark of freshness. I'm continuing to experiment with different coffees, but this one has definitely earned a reliable spot as a go-to. I'll be getting more in the future for sure."
140,"A follow up as of 7/8/17 - So what's with the price increase from $52 to $65? That seems a bit steep. I've bought the 5lb bag 20+ times since I discovered it a year or two ago but I'm not sure I will continue buying it at this price.Been using this for my cold brew ice coffee all summer and we love it. We drink it black and its outstanding. I use the commercial Toddy system. I cold brew half a five pound bag at a time, using 3 gallons of water and I steep for 30 hours using a medium/fine/medium grind. Perfection everytime. We usually then cut the cold brewed coffee with about 20% spring water, but if you need that extra kick you can go straight up 100% coffee. I literally can't wait to get out of bed to pour a glass each morning!"
141,"Right now the dark matter flowing through my veins from this freakin amazing cup of coffee has taken over my normal benign nature and I am possessed by otherworldly geas to proclaim from my throne (porcelain, thanks for noticing) to ALL... Just how good this coffee is. I read the reviews. I doubted. But now I am a true believer. Taste and see that the Kult is good. I had to post this as soon as my face stopped vibrating."
142,"Very pleased all it says it is. However no pull tab to open? It is 10 dollars more than I was paying for Ethiopian which was our favorite at Coffee AM but the beans now are not the same or flavor.  I use a percolator 12 cup filter 6 heaping tbsps and its perfect  Have not tried it with spring water just tap as to expensive and we reserve that water for our Persians, but happy just as is.  No bitter or lingering tang on your tongue, or acid taste flavor and aroma wonderful.  Thank you finally got something we can hopefully depend on, don't change it."
143,"This is definitely one of, if not the, best tasting coffees I've had. Take my word for it that that's saying something as I'm a bit of an addict. I don't have a problem I swear. There's also the added benefit that you get to buy it from one of the best cults I've ever considered myself a part of as well. Shortly after purchase I was contacted directly by our sacred leaders to be sure that I did in fact receive the dark roasted Jesus beans that I had ordered. Awesome product and great, friendly service.My Overall Experience : 10/10 -  Would submit myself to the one true Koffee Kvlt again.Take the plunge and drop the dough brothers and sisters, our Koffee overlords are here.- a Loyal Kultist"
144,"Incredible... simply incredible.  I consider myself somewhat if a coffee snob in that I do not care for pre-ground coffee or coffee laden with our flavors and mass produced coffees leave my experience wanting.I don't know so of the critics special lingo but what I do know is that the Koffee Kult whole bean coffee I received was some of the boldest, richest and smoothest coffees I have had the pleasure to make for myself in a VERY long time.If you like bold, rich, smooth dark roast coffee that does not cause you since from being bitter then I think you owe yourself the pleasure of trying out this one!"
145,"This is the first time I buy this kind of coffee beans for my espresso, the quelity is good but I did not find the best flavor, is very strong but the flavor for me is just ok."
146,"Wow, this coffee is delicious. I tried several other dark roast coffees on Amazon and this, by far, tastes the best. It has a little chocolate flavor so really doesn’t need any sweetener. I do put a bit of no sugar creamer in occasionally. You will thoroughly enjoy this coffee."
147,"I had really high hopes based on the other reviewers. This is an average coffee. Nothing special. It has a nutty, woody flavor about it that appreciate. But it's closer to a medium roast not a dark roast.  I've French pressed and prepared with my espresso machine. It's better pressed. This isn't a waste of money, but it wasn't that special small batch gem I was hoping for"
148,"I make espresso at home using a high-quality burr grinder and Gaggia Classic espresso machine. And I like many dark roasts for this purpose (Intelligentsia makes an affordable one that I like, for example). So I got excited about all the good reviews on this coffee. I've pulled several shots of espresso with it using a variety of different times/grams/pack pressures. The outcome is always the same. This coffee has a bland, burnt flavor. It's so bad that I've been unable to finish more than a few sips before pouring it out."
149,"This probably isn't as fresh as my local coffee shop and it's not quite as good, but it's nearly 1/2 the price and I don't have to wait in a line to buy it (local roaster charges almost as much per pound for delivery as they do for the beans themselves, making this about 1/3 or less the total price of having the beans mailed to me)I've tried two flavors, and I find the ""Dark Roast"" to have much more flavor than the ""Thunderbolt""."
150,"I just received my bag yesterday evening. The picture shows the brewing instructions, I like this. My Bonavita brewer does reach 205 degrees and has a pre-infusion stage for freshly ground beans. My overall opinion, it's better than a supermarket bag O beans. The taste reminds me of 8 O'Clock French Roast, just fresher. While hot it has a smokey note, but not a dark ""French Roast"". Theres nothing wrong with the flavor,  however, I dont think I'll be ordering Koffee Kult again. It's not bad, but it's not great either."
151,"this coffee rocks!  buy it!  NOW!  full body, extremely aromatic - coarse grind french press black or with creme soooooo yum.  don't ruin it with sugar.  awesome resealable bag.  this java makes a pretty smooth espresso, but don't buy it for that, buy it for your french press.  this is bold enough to stand up to your oatmeal, yogurt, and cereal with or without cream - but if you like super sweet french toast or belgian waffles etc - go with it black - with the cream it fades under the pressure of so much sugar. if you like savory - it goes well either way.  super responsive, consumer interested company.  volume pricing and quality speak for itself.  I've enjoyed and will buy more."
152,"Maybe OK.  There is no aroma from the package or when brewing.  I went by the grinding instructions and used medium grind.  Then I tried finer, and courser but it just is not a full bodied dark roast coffee.  Perhaps I am spoiled by Kona Coffee.  I didn't expect it to taste like Kona, But I just wanted a less expensive dark roast coffee.  I will not buy again.....A few weeks later I revised my review.  I just threw the coffee bag in the pantry.  I do love the ziplock bag, but even after cleaning my coffee machine I could not get a good cup of joe."
153,I have a high end JURA coffee maker that I used to brew this coffee. The result was dull flavored coffee - very bland and not the robust dark coffee I am used to or was expecting based on other reviews for this product.  I had the cost of this coffee refunded and tossed the almost full bag in the compost bin.
154,"I was little disappointed when I opened and saw the coffee bean. It said ""DARK ROAST,"" but it was not even dark. I compared it to Peet dark roast coffee, and this coffee was much lighter than the Peet's. I am kind of bummed out because I bought 2 pounds. Also, it does not have that dark roast flavor. I do not like to give any bad reviews because it is only my point of views, but for coffee lovers who want their coffee nice and dark flavor, this coffee is not for you. I would have to say it is about medium."
155,"The entire process of making this purchase from Koffee Kult was a pleasant surprise.  After all the online purchases I have made over the years the merchants have been reactive and courteous.  Dealing with Koffee Kult was much different, not long after I made the order I received an email asking if the product arrived ok and what I thought of it.  It was indeed a pleasant surprise.I'm one of those who does not like to pay $5 for a cup of espresso and warm milk from Starbucks.  But, I definitely enjoy a good cappuccino, something I learned from my travels to Italy.  I have been using Dark Roast from Koffee Kult it for my morning cappuccino at home and I love it.  The aroma and flavor are out of this world, better than described in the ad.I received the coffee very quickly, nicely wrapped, and I love the flavor and aroma.Thank you very much.I love the coffee and I'm sure I will be back for more."
156,Coffee came well packaged and promptly on time. I have a love for espresso and know it's care needed for quality and taste. I used the .5 grind ( not chopped) for best espresso flavor. I used 0 water filter and slow heated in my espresso pot. The flavor was very good as my first cup was cappuccino. I then had a straight up espresso cup afterwards. Very nice flavor and quality.  I will buy again and also try others from time to time. Buy with confidence you won't be disappointed.
157,No roast date on the package. Very disappointed
158,"I am very impressed with this coffee. Dark roasts are normally just a bit too much for me, but after reading all of the reviews I decided to give this a chance. I am extremely happy with my purchase after a few cups. The taste is very smooth and stays consistent all the way through. You don't get a bitter after taste or feel the texture change as you near the last few drinks. From my first sip to my last drink I keep saying ""This is a great tasting coffee.""I would definitely recommend this to others who are looking to try something new"
159,"I THOUGHT I had had the best blends of coffee available from all over the world. My wife was constantly searching for the next brand that would knock my socks off, but had about decided I was hooked on Sumatra beans. Growing up near Hollywood Florida, she saw the description for Koffee Kult coffee being small batch roasted in Hollywood. The one thing that piqued her interest, was the artisan blending of 3 types of beans not often mixed by other roasters: Sumatra, Arabica and Guatemala. She purchased a 2 pound bag. When it arrived, as quickly as the bag was opened, I was drawn to the intense aroma and begged for a French press of the goods. I shall drink this blend until I draw my last breath. MY GOODNESS!!! This is the BEST coffee I have ever injested!!! Keep up the great roasting and by the way, the fair trade was icing on the cake!!!"
160,"SOOOOO acidic, literally a sour after taste. Tried it two days hoping I was the thing that's off since I paid too much. What a waste of money, I should have read the negative reviews. From now on I'm treating Amazon like Airbnb, a 4 star rating is like getting a C or D in school."
161,"This tastes more like a medium roast than dark. I wanted to like it, the packaging is cool and the price is right...I just think if you are into a stronger coffee like Italian or French Roast...you'll find this flavor acidic and not rich enough.**Edit - I found this works well as a cold brew! Cuts out the acidity. Glad the whole bag won't be wasted."
162,"I bought this because reviews said that it's not super oily, which means that it would work well in my super-automatic machine. It does work well for that. I find that the coffee just isn't very rich or flavorful for a dark roast, I'm going back to using Lavazza Gran Espresso.. until I can find something that I like better"
163,It only took 1 cup to realize how terrible the coffee I have been drinking is. I thought all strong coffee needed lots of sugar and cream but this coffee is delicious and not bitter at all. I ran out and had to drink store bought beans and I could tell a difference even before grinding. The Koffee Kult beans are fresh n fragrant and you get a better grind. I stick up now so I never run out.
164,This is a quality coffee for a decent price.  My husband has tried a lot of the mail order coffee companies but always gives in eventually based on the price.  He says this one has a quality taste but a much larger amount and a decent price that doesn't break the bank.
165,"Coffee is very subjective to each person.  I roast my own beans these days, but sometimes just order a bag of roasted beans.  This time I tried Koffee Kult Dark Roast.  It was a little too much on the bitter side for my liking.  It's not a horrible coffee, but just not for me.  I will stick to my own roasting."
166,"Reading reviews lead me to believe this is a great coffee.  I was less than impressed with the roasted flavor for a DARK roast.  This was a small step above the generic house coffee at the office.  I like my dark roasts, this is not a flavor I will be picking up soon.  My roasts that I like if you are comparing to my tastes are: BRCC freedom fuel or death wish brands."
167,"These beans are not dark roasted. In fact, their color was medium brown.If you enjoy its taste, this coffee tasted like a cup of regular Columbian, not that of a dark & rich french roasted bean."
168,"I used these in my Breville home espresso machine and was quite impressed. It had a much smoother (less bitter) finish than the Lavazza beans I've been using, and with equal crema on the shot. For reference sake, I drink lattes only and think Starbuck's beans taste over-roasted/burnt. Peet's Major Dickasons is okay, but ,perhaps, a bit bland for my liking. Koffee Kult is by far the best bean I've used to date."
169,"Although the price indicates this is high end, it isn’t! I drink plain espresso and I know when it’s good and this is not it.  Save your money if you want good espresso beans."
170,"Bought 2 of these and we didn't like it at all! It was too bitter and not as fragrant fresh as other coffee beans we bought. I wouldn't buy it again. There's something off about it as in old beans? We grind ours for French press every time we need it, however as days go by, coffee tasted stale even though we store it on airtight container."
171,"A very nice, smooth and full-flavored coffee. Perfect roast too...not too dark (so no hints of burnt bean flavor). These beans also seem to do MUCH better in my burr grinder in terms of little to no static electricity produced. Only reason I'm not giving this coffee 5 stars is; while the this is darn good and respectable coffee, it's not superb coffee. This is more of a mid to upper end bean/roast here, but by no means top shelf as it seems to  lack any of the interesting flavor notes. Will most likely buy again, buy for this price ($11 to $12/lb), there are a lot of choices out there."
172,"Sorry I usually don’t really give a bad review because everything I purchased I always do some research first. I was so stoked to try this coffee with my espresso machine. The taste was MEH, it was no character in the coffee at all and not bold enough. I really want to like it because of all those 5 stars reviews and how amazing it was."
173,"I have been drinking this flavor for quite some time, whether through a french press, pour-over, or drip style, it has yet to get old. I even bought a friend a gift so she could experience the blissful taste of brewing this every morning. I'll most likely subscribe because I can't get enough!"
174,"Really Exceptional.  I don't drink coffee but seek the best for my coffee loving partner.  When he stops and says what is this? and I tell her, him and he takes another slow sip I know I nailed it.  He loves it dark dark dark and rich...I have gotten lots of different kinds from many places and he has some favorites but this is one of the very few times he says....I hope you keep getting this.  Then he said it makes me want to slow down to really enjoy it....now that's high praise....I am just reporting I don't drink coffee, never have but I love the aroma and it smelled super like what he likes....and very rich."
175,Ordered this and Lavazza Gran Riserva for my new espresso machine.  Both were very good but wifey and I agreee we liked Koffe Kult better.
176,I have a hard time understanding all of these 5 star reviews. It must be from a bunch of people who drink Folgers... This coffee isn’t very dark and It’s not fresh. This coffee is absolutely mediocre. This is not worth the $26.
177,"I was trying to find a dark roast coffee that isn't french roast to change it up but I don't think this cuts it. I prefer a real dark roast and I would classify this as a medium roast, maybe on the darker side of a medium but not much. When you grind the beans the grounds are definitely a medium colored brown not dark. The first pot I made my husband threw out and said it was too weak (1-1/2 T per cup) and he ground new beans (2T per cup) to try to make it stronger and we still thought it was weak."
178,"Still drinkable but I've learned that burnt/over-roasted coffees are not the way to drink coffee.  Yes, I know I purchased dark roast and if that's what you want then this is your cup of joe. I've learned that a medium or lighter roast coffee is more flavorful by far when brewed correctly."
179,"Great coffee.. and I'm a coffee snob.This coffee is even better when cooked in a French press, nice dark creamy robust flavor."
