,Review_text
0,"I make it at night, then ice it and add a little regular flavor creamer or a little flavored creamer - just for flavor - not sweetness. These are $2.75 to $3.25 per cannister less than the same brand at Von's/Safeway and Ralph's/Kroger. Delivered day after I ordered. No compromise in flavor. Bold, dark and perfectly balanced...like my men."
1,"I like my coffee dark and strong - and this coffee is great.  The coffee is definitely dark roasted and it has a very smooth flavor (no burnt taste here).  I use this for my Keurig machine with the reusable pod ... I double fill mine to get a nice strong cup of coffee.  Works great and it's only a few cents per cup.And yes, of all the coffee brands I've tried (premium or otherwise), I always go back to tried and true Maxwell House.  It's the best.  PLUS!  I'm not getting gouged by a overly high price."
2,I like really strong coffee but sometimes bold  or dark roasts just don't live up to the name. I use ground coffee in k cup adapters and make my coffee on the smallest cup setting. I haven't tried Maxwell House in quite a while so I was surprised when this coffee compares so favorably with Starbucks or Gevalia dark roasts. I will definitely buy this again. Can't beat the free one day shipping for Prime either!
3,"This is my favorite coffee and dark roast!!!Love it , very flavorfull , full bodied!!!I have to limit myself to a couple of cups a day !! Love it !! Love it!!!!!"
4,Drip coffee is no longer bland ill flavored hot water. Add this to your percolator and you'll be getting productive morning hours at work before the sun even rises.
5,The best dark roast coffee out there. I love dark roast coffee. I have  been struggling for months to actually find one that still had the rich crispiness to it once it was brewed. I decided to give this a try and it surpassed all of my expectations. My husband LOVES it.  He called me in the morning on the way to work the first day I made his coffee with this brand and asked who made it because it was  really good. I will keep buying this flavor from here on out. Amazing!!
6,"Love this coffee!. I really like the strong bold flavor, even better than the french or Colombian flavors."
7,Love this coffee. It’s better than Starbuck dunkin’s or any other brand out there. I’ve tried them all and this is the smoothest stronger coffee I’ve ever had. Hard to find though in local stores. Unlike most coffees this one has no bitter aftertaste bold and delicious. 10 star rating if I could go that high. Wonderful coffee.
8,"I really like this coffee. It makes a very rich and flavorful brew, It's strong yet not bitter and I add nothing-just coffee. I am disappointed stores only stocked it for a while. When I first tried it, it instantly became my favorite. I have tried nothing else since, and ultimately resorted to online purchasing. Hopefully, Maxwell House will continue producing this coffee. In my opinion, Maxwell House and other ""dark"" blends commonly found in stores don't come close."
9,"Maxwell House to the Max. The Bold Roast is a good alternative to the Dark French Roast. I like both.New, sealed in container. Thumbs up."
10,"Great smoky taste I love. One of the best Maxwell House Dark Roasts so far. Want to try their Dark Roast when price drops. Great price/quality point, can't be beat.UPDATE: Maxwell House has the price point on Amazon for coffee. Now that I've been drinking this brand exclusively for 8 months, if you're looking for another alternative to Intense Bold, try their French Roast."
11,"The Intense Bold Brew is a great cup of coffee💕 The smell coming from the coffee maker is really good. When you pour it in your cup, you can tell that it’s rich with flavor.  It tastes really good, and I enjoy it with a dab of sugar. It’s a nice economical purchase, because it I don’t have to use so much grounds, to get the strength of coffee, that I enjoy☕️"
12,"The intense bold just tastes so much richer than the original. I've tried french roast and smooth bold too, nothing tastes as good as intense bold. It is comparable to Starbucks. My local grocery store stopped selling the intense bold so i'm happy that I can stock up on Amazon."
13,I find the fact the lid comes off way too easily a reason not to buy this again. I can not be spilling ground coffee all over and I worry it won't stay fresh if the lid is hardly on it. Taste is ok. It tastes strong but not good enough to buy again with the bad lid. It is bit bitter.
14,"This coffee is excellent, bold robust flavor that is not overpowering. Price is great and very fast delivery. I will purchase again."
15,"Way stronger than I was expecting, but I adjusted by adding more water. Used less of it per pot, so value for money is wonderful. Very good, strong, roasty flavor, did not disappoint...it remained pretty fresh to the last scoopful. Definite rebuy."
16,"After being a fan of Maxwell House’s competition, for years, finding this blend, has made me switch! Love the boldness and richness of this product."
17,"I bought this because I saw it on Amazon and I like bold coffee. This is excellent. It has nice, rich flavor. It is not bitter. It doesn't have an aftertaste.  This is an excellent selection if you like full, rich flavor. I just wish the container was bigger."
18,Fresh and highly aromatic yet smooth... we are big fans of Maxwell House coffee and now even bigger fans. I was so excited to find this to try on Amazon because I have not seen it at any store. Not to mention what a great price! We are definitely going to subscribe to this coffee.
19,Bought this coffee to help me quit caffeine. My suggestion for caffeine addicts. Try Seattle’s best. Amazon sells it at a very good price and it’s some of the best coffee out there I love it.
20,"I brew this in a French Press, and it is very pleasing with just the right strength I like."
21,"Since Kroger's is non-existent in San Antonio and HEB doesn't carry this flavor, I had to order through Amazon. This is a great quality coffee."
22,Very bold. Definitely for dark coffee drinkers.I have purchased more than once and still good quality.
23,Thank you so much for the timely delivery I had ran out of coffee and was social distancing needed coffee so I ordered it on Friday and it was hers on Sunday now that's good service thank you so much arrealle Comstock
24,"One of a few coffee products that don't leave a bitter or sour back taste. I hope it's my imagination, but the carved out handle area seems to keep getting bigger, and the canister seems to be lighter."
25,Great tasting coffee little bitter then the smooth bold but still great tasting as I only drink coffee with a little bit of 1% milk in it
26,"Thank you Maxwell House.  A really good and satisfying dark roast coffee.  You took your time to present this roast, but it was worth the wait."
27,"Consistently good as expected for the price.  The bold roast  is stronger, but not the same as the more expensive blends."
28,"Decent coffee at a great price. My supermarket, about once a month, for about 2 days, will have this on special for $6. Otherwise its $11 all day every day."
29,Wonderfully Bold Flavor for waking up in the morning highly recommended
30,What can I say it’s maxwell house. Good to last drop.
31,Good price and deiivered. I need coffee
32,Good coffee for those who really like coffee and prefer it to stained water.
33,I didn’t like the taste of this coffee. Very bitter. Not smooth at all. I’ve tried many brands and this has been my least favorite.
34,The best tasting coffee on the market today. It arrived in a box but both big containers were partially Crushed. Obviously the carrier's were responsible for the damage and not Amazon.
35,When you filter hot water through this stuff it makes a tasty drink.  I found that adding sweetener and cream makes it even better.
36,Im so done trying expensive so-so strong coffees Im never 100% happy with...this bold is amazing! strong but not burnt or bitter...and the price! Cant go wrong! Definitely good to the last drop!
37,"If you like a strong flavor, this is it. You  don't need quit as much. Tastes great"
38,I like this coffee. The wide mouth cotainer is great for scooping but is not suited for pouring into another container.
39,Good coffee and value. My first choice is Starbucks Italian roast this coffee is a very good alternative
40,"Best value coffee for everyday drinkers. I drink expensive coffee on the weekends, but this is just as good as Dunkin' Donuts dark roast, if not better."
41,We prefer dark coffee.  About the same price as the grocery store.  No complaints.
42,Not the best Folgers is better and freash ground is the way to go if you can do it
43,Local stores seem to not carry this type lately. I could get smooth for awhile and that was OK. Then only MH regular blends. So I got some to tide me ver until I found another brand at the grocery store.
44,Wonderful flavor. Bold and smooth. Fast shipoing
45,"I don't see what is so ""gourmet"" about this coffee as it tastes pretty ordinary to me. It's not terrible but not spectacular either."
46,Tried this for cold brew in the fridge with the Cold brewer I bought.  It’s ok.
47,"Full bodied, very good coffee for a mainstream brand."
48,"Not freshly ground beans, but very good."
49,"I add La Llave to this, my regular morning brew, for a bold, unique, eye opening luscious cup!"
50,Great taste. Arrived on time
51,It makes a good cup of coffee.
52,"Not good. Won’t buy again, very bitter."
53,Such a great dark flavor for an amazing price!
54,El sabor es muy bueno.
55,This coffee is very strong!
56,flavor good
57,Mic with regular medium grind for perfect pot
58,Yummy
59,Delicious and great value!
60,Arrived on time and good value
61,Love it
62,Is now our go to bole flavor for breakfast!
63,Excellent coffee if you like strong coffee.
64,Great Bold Flavor
65,Fast delivery and taste so great😁
66,"I love this coffee, it's nice and strong."
67,Like a nice strong coffee without the bitter taste.
68,I can't get my favorite coffee!
69,Great
70,"Dependable brand, great flavor."
71,"Loved the bold taste, very smooth."
72,Great merchand awesome and fast transaction
73,Like the taste and it will last a good long time
74,Thank you
75,We love a bold strong coffee.  This hit the spot!
76,Great bold taste!
77,Great product.... Great Price!!
78,Strong and taste great
79,A GREAT BOLD COFFEE
80,Good to the last drop
81,Very smooth and good price
82,Awesome price...
83,best maxwell house flavor
84,If you like your coffee bold strong and black you have got to try this coffee.  It is not at all bitter like most dark roast coffees.  I think it is the best dark roast coffee I have ever had.
85,Love the coffee.
86,Very bitter and nasty tasting.  Bought Folgers country roast and it was much better.
87,Only coffee I drink!
88,Poor taste
89,"I like the taste, and smell. Delicious."
90,Good ground coffee
91,I love the smell! But maybe too strong. I will order something milder next time
92,The best out there
93,"This is amazing bold coffee. It is strong, flavorful and full bodied."
94,Good
95,Yummm!
96,Very good ground coffee.
97,This is a deep flavor coffee- for those who enjoy stronger coffee.
98,was good
99,Loved the flavor and I could use less for the strength I wanted so it lasted longer
100,Wonderful intense labor with just a hint of bitterness which is just how I like it
101,Love it! Drink it all day!
102,Besides the convenience of having this shipped to me I enjoy the robust flavor.  I rediscovered Maxwell House Coffee.
103,Love Flavor. Great tasting for strong coffee flavor lovers. I highly recommend it.
104,EXCELLENT smooth rich taste and great priceHard to find in stores
105,"Good bold flavor, not bitter."
106,Is very light flavor.
107,I got the subscription for this. It is great.
108,Outstanding.  Wish it was available as K cups.
109,👍
110,I liked the dark roasted flavor
111,Its was great to find a great Bold coffee and get it the next day!
112,Like the cost and flavor
113,Hard to find. My favorite
114,I did not receive the intense bold. I was very disappointed!
115,Flavor is great amount you get for the prce
116,Good flavor needs to be in larger container . We drink a lot of coffee went through both containers that I bought
117,Recommended coffee
118,Smooth and rich taste!
119,good coffee
120,Very good
121,Love the price. Home delivery. Taste great
122,I liked the strong bold taste.
123,Great value
124,Great flavor not bitter but bold just like it says!
125,My husband really loves the Bold Coffee
126,Great taste.to last drop...
127,excellent coffee.
128,Liked the bold taste
129,Perfect brew
130,Maxwell House slaps!
131,A wonderful coffee
132,"It is a great coffee but the price has gone way too sky high so I went back to the original Maxwell House Coffee, which is one-fourth the price."
133,"This coffee is very smooth. I drink one large cup of coffee every morning and I like to add milk and sugar. This coffee flavor is not bold enough and get's diminished by the milk and the sugar. I tried it black with no sugar and milk but the flavor is still too mild for me.I think good or bad coffee is a very individual choice. I suspect that if I drank multiple cups a day then this would be the coffee for me.  It's not bad but I'm moving on to something else.update 7/4/2019I've added another star to my review. It looks like I've gotten used to the flavor. Initially, I was underwhelmed by the flavor but after going through 1/4 of the container I've gotten to the point of liking it. I would definitely buy it again. This is the second time I've experienced my change of mind after drinking the coffee for a while. I suspect that the change in flavor from one brand to another is a bit shocking so it's hard to give a review after only 1 or 2 cups of drinking the new coffee. I'll have to keep that in mind for my next review."
134,"I was expecting dull and flat coffee with no character when I bought Intense Bold Dark and I have been surprised and delighted with this coffee - especially at the very reasonable price point.My husband and I typically grind whole bean dark blends - our favs are Peets Major Dickason and Starbucks French Roast - both are excellent .  However, this coffee delivers on a similar taste profile and is considerably less expensive.  FY, we brew this using 3 or 4 tablespoons of coffee for our 15 oz mugs.  It's great using our OXO pour over and in our drip brewer.A surprising bargain that delivers true dark toast flavors that approach the much more expensive popular blends!"
135,I have never seen the intense flavor in my supermarket. I ordered this for friend who absolutely love strong coffee. She loved this coffee and the flavor. I have been buying random coffees off of Amazon to get the coffee that she loves the most and this is it so far. I think it's going to be the final coffee we have to buy to be her favorite.
136,No one in my area carries anything except medium flavor coffee. I ordered this coffee and it rocks! If you like a strong coffee this is it.
137,Good buy
138,Great strong flavor
139,"Decent ... It seemed its more med coffee and med on caffeine, not bad"
