,Review_text
0,Peet’s is good coffee when fresh but the pack I bought from Amazon was OLD. “Freshest by” date expired MONTHS AGO.
1,"Ridiculously short “best by date.” Received package on December 4, and it’s “best by date” is December 26. Yes, that’s right, only 3 weeks. Cannot recommend. Coffee tastes stale."
2,"The coffee is good; however, I get 5 - 20 oz. bags at a time and the expiration date is 5 days after I receive them - not good!"
3,"Here's what you should know about me: I'm a hardcore Starbucks devotee/addict. I'm not a big fan of their brewed coffees, but I love their espresso. It's the only thing I order. I recently went in search of a good coffee that I could bring to work and share with my coworkers - our office stocks Folgers, which is really kind of them, but ... Well, you know - it's just Folgers. I stumbled upon this Peet's Big Bang, and the name caught my attention - so did the size of the bag (20oz) and the price ($12.58 at the time). I ordered it, I brewed a pot at work one morning, I poured myself a small cup to try ... I was instantly hooked - and so were my coworkers. This coffee is absolutely delicious - it's smooth, and there is no bitterness to it whatsoever. I've never been so enamored with a cup of brewed coffee. I've tasted many, many brewed coffees - at cafes and restaurants, at people's houses, at churches I've attended - and nothing has ever even come close to this stuff. I still get my Starbucks every morning, but I also pour myself a cup of Peet's when I get to work and I savor it. I'm tinkering with the idea of brewing a double-strength batch to see how it holds up as iced coffee, but in the meantime, I'll enjoy it hot, room temperature, and eventually cold as my morning goes on. No matter the temperature, its deliciousness holds up. And I've placed several more orders - I even had some coworkers kick in some cash so we can keep this in stock as long as possible. It's worth every penny."
4,"This is a good, strong coffee. It's not the original Major Dickason's Blend that put Peet's on the map in the late 1980's though. Back then the beans were quite rich and a real treat. As with any coffee bean over the years, crops change, so beans are not quite the same. I have found this to be true when ordering any of my favorites directly from Peet's over the past few years or via Amazon.I wouldn't call the newest incarnation of this blend bitter, but it is a tiny bit acidic. To balance the acidity, I usually put 2 scoops of Peet's French Roast in for a fuller body and smoothness. For me. that's the perfect cup as I love full-bodied, strong, but low acidity coffees that have a richness to them.I have read the reviews about receiving a stale bag after receiving one for the first time last week (use by date was only 6 days away and roast date was in the Fall of 2017). I would advise anyone going through Prime to just chat with them about this instead of negative comments. They have wonderful customer service reps who will take care of the matter. It would be a shame if this is the first time you tried the Major Dickason's Blend and didn't enjoy a fresh, robust cup. While not my favorite Peet's blend due to the acidity of late, it's still really good compared to other bagged coffees. If you like a weaker cup, just reduce by one scoop. It doesn't get watery, just a bit less in your face."
5,"After all these years, still the best coffee you can get.  Keep in mind that even the book about the history of Starbucks has a mention of how they wanted to model their product after Peet's... and Peet's just cares so much about flavor, roasting, complexity, etc., etc. that you can't go wrong.  You might say ""welllllll, my local coffee house does an amazing job"", but you know what, most local coffee roasters still don't have the expertise or the equipment, or the scientists and artists behind Peet's coffee... even Starbucks supposedly over-roasts their beans for consistency, and Starbucks is a little too speedy and anxiety causing for me.  Peet's is to Coffee what a great vintner is to wine... they're true connoisseurs.  Enjoy!  Also, as a suggestion, just keep shopping and shopping and shopping and eventually you'll see some great deals on here..."
6,"I drink a lot of coffee!  My preference has always been dark roast.  Keep that in mind as I report that this is one of the three best coffees that I have found in almost sixty years of coffee drinking experience.  Its rich, full bodied, dark roast flavor is unique and pleasantly complex.  After trying many different brands and beans, I have decided on Peet's Major Dickason's Blend as my daily brew.  When it is available, it is always my preference.  There is no other quite like it!!!"
7,"I thought among the more experienced connoisseur reviews, there might also be some people out there like me who would benefit from a less refined but still specific perspective. E.g. Only a few years into making your own grinds, not a particularly experienced palate, and with some health needs when it comes to purchasing coffee.I'm a weird duck. Everyone from doctors to researchers to popular coffee websites all seem to advocate that darker roasts are the way to go if you're an acid sufferer. But dark roasts have always, always made me sick. For days after drinking them - regardless of brand - I have horrible acid. For that reason, I've also come to personally dislike the intense smokiness that many darker roasts have. Lighter roasts, for whatever reason, contrary to the prevailing wisdom, don't affect me in the slightest. Maybe I have weird gut pH? Go figure lol. But I'm very pleased to say this coffee doesn't affect my stomach at all.I've been searching for a coffee, starting with medium roasts (and will soon work my way up towards very light roasts, and see how that goes) that is flavorful and aromatic in a way that isn't smoky or ""roasty,"" but that is palpable and which doesn't hurt my stomach. And so far, this blend is a pretty good match for what I'm looking for.It's very mellow. It's also, despite my lack of experience, what I would say I think of when I envision a ""true"" medium roast. None of the beans are over-roasted. So many ""medium"" roasts can smell and taste like dark roasts to me, sometimes being even darker and ""roastier"" than other roasts labeled as dark! Not so here. Very, very mild, unless you extract for longer than 4 minutes. (I use a french press.) And even then, up to 6 minutes (yes I know you're not supposed to extract longer than 4 - I'm just explaining how mild it is), it only becomes very moderately more ""roasty.""And darned if it doesn't faintly smell of blueberries as claimed, due to the Ethiopian Super Natural inclusion in this blend. It's not as present as a blend centered completely around that hint, but it's there, faintly but pleasingly. At 4 minutes extraction, with non-boiled but just beginning to steam water (yes I know I should be more precise thermally) it tastes like what most people would probably call ""normal coffee."" Mellow, mild, but with that great blueberry, earthy aroma. At 5 minutes it's definitely stronger and more flavorful, but still very mild. At 6 minutes, it's JUST beginning to taste ""roasty"" and a little more smoky, but still not very better imo.If you love really dark roasted tasting coffee, this is not the blend for you. But if you just want a nice, smooth, mellow coffee, that also has decent body and a pleasing aroma (especially at longer extractions,) you might really enjoy this. The aftertaste is very mildly citrus, and doesn't ""tingle"" as much as other blends I've tried. I'm going to try some others, as I said moving up the roast lightness scale, but if none of them sit well with me, I could easily drink this as my daily coffee. No real downsides, not the most flavorful ever but definitely has presence and smells wonderful - although the aroma is as gentle and mellow as the flavor. I guess this is what people call ""balanced"" in the coffee world. If it is, I like it.Oh, and it has a bit less caffeine kick than some others I've tried. Which is either a good thing or not depending on what you want lol. Keep that in mind. Hope this helps someone out there with needs similar to mine."
8,"Received the coffee 8 months past the ""freshest by"" date stamped on the front of the package!It is a good coffee, if it is fresh.  As other also pointed out, shame on Amazon for not purging old stock.I wonder how Jeff Bezos would feel if he was served old product at a board meeting?I immediately contacted Amazon and they did issue me a refund."
9,"Ordered the coffee on prime day 7/17/18 and received on 7/19/18. The bag I got said best by date is 7/25/18 and brewed on date is 4/16/18, very disappointed to receive coffee that will expire 6 days after received. One of the reasons I won’t be renewing my prime membership."
10,"I bought this coffee to try out in our office with a fairly hard to please coffee crowd. It was very well received. The coffee is a nice, robust, dark roast. Like others have said, it has a bit of a sweet note to it but in a good way. I am trying many different brands but I have this on my list to purchase again. Sometimes this is cheaper at Target."
11,"I was sent the ground version instead of the whole bean one a few months back & being a grind it yourself aficionado of sorts, was NOT happy.Figured since I had it, I'd give it a try, even though I've never had a cup of pre ground I could stand. I must say I was more than a little surprised. . . Wow, is more like it - this pre ground delivers a smooth, delicious cup of coffee that certainly gives any whole bean I've ever tasted a run for it's money. That said, I've been ordering it since that first bag ran out & have not been disappointed. Good job, Peet's!"
12,"Coffee is controversial.  There are, literally, a billion different opinions and mine is worth no more than the rest, but, on to it.I cannot recommend this Peet's Major Dickason ground coffee.  It arrived on time.  It was lovingly packaged, and the date it was roasted was diligently provided in a spot right on the front of the package!  Oh, the care and time spent on this little bag of ground coffee!  Simply put, I was prepared to love it, buuut... I didn't.The smell is bland and dull like old Folger's and its mates, kind of dry and weak.  And, once brewed, it is simply, utterly, uninspiring.  It's okay, I mean, I won't lie to you, I could drink it if there was nothing tasty at hand.  But it has only one-note, and there simply isn't any complexity to the flavor, at all.  So sad.Me?  I use a French press.  I've tried using both a little and a lot of the Major's clearly favorite blend.  I've tried brewing for four minutes, six minutes, eight minutes, Yahtzee! and nothing works.  Nada.Lots of you love this brew.  I don't know why you do, but you probably don't understand why I do not.  If you have not yet done so, try it, see if you like it.  I find it tolerable, though simply tolerable coffee is completely un-necessary.  Don't you agree?Cheers,AW"
13,"A lot of dark roast coffees are strong but bitter. Peet's Major Dickerson Blend has the strength as well as a good body. It's deep earthy complex flavor will probably result in drinking more coffee than normal. It's really a luxury that you'll look forward to each morning. The coffee shops can't compete. I use a single brew drip maker and two scoops is ""just right"". Well done Peet's!"
14,"Really disappointed. Product was received 1 month past the printed “freshest by” date. I wouldn’t have purchased Peet’s coffee if I knew I was going to receive old and stale coffee that wouldn’t even be placed on shelves at any supermarket. After brewing, the coffee was indeed stale and unlike the quality of the Peet’s coffee I usually buy. I feel like the seller is trying to off-load old poor-quality inventory. As usual, the consumer gets the short end of the stick."
15,"Received both my bags of coffee, however they must think customers do not look at expiration dates as both bags say they expire soon which is disappointing! Cannot detect any fresh smell from either bag."
16,"After much hype about Peet's from the coffee community, I finally decided to give these a shot. I was actually really impressed, and it certainly lived up to the hype! If you're an old-school coffee drinker like me and enjoy darker roasts, this is the blend for you! I'm not big on the so-called third-wave coffee movie and don't really enjoy drinking lighter roasts in the morning. I simply don't want to drink coffee that tastes like lemon or fruit juice, and it's not what I grew up drinking with my dad. On to the tasting notes! Major Dickason's is extremely smooth, nutty, and velvety. No acidity whatsoever. There's hints of bittersweet chocolate, and you can tell that there is a big emphasis on the quality of the roasting process itself. Beans are grinded very fine, so it may not be ideal for French Press users. However, it is perfect for espresso, Aeropress, or a Moka Pot. It does clog my V60 a bit, so adjust your brewing technique accordingly!One thing that clearly sets Peet's apart from other big brands is that they put roast date on the bag so you know how fresh these beans are. I received mine about three weeks after the roast date. The Major Dickason's Blend is extremely smooth, velvety, and has no bitterness at all.Overall, I'd have to say that these are probably the most enjoyable store-bought coffee I've ever tried. If you enjoy dark roasts and don't have time to grind your coffee beans every morning or buy them fresh from a local roaster, this is a really good alternative. Will buy again!"
17,"After brewing a pot, I noticed this Peet's tasted a little ""off"" so I took a look at the bag and noticed it's OLD.  Roasted way back on July 5th.  Today is October 1.  It also looks like the ""fresh by"" date is sort of rubbed off (see photo) although I think I can make out 10/05/18... but who knows.  Anyway, I won't be buying coffee from Amazon anymore."
18,I Just received a new order of this coffee and the roasting date is older then the previous order from 3 weeks ago. I expect newer/fresher. Buyer beware.
19,"I have tried literally dozens of coffees out there. I always thought i was a dark coffee person and had a hard time finding a good coffee to fit my palette. This coffee had a very nice rich, velvety and smooth flavor. No acidy bite at all. I cannot find it in any local stores in my area so amazon keep this coffee!!This is my daily coffee now. Great price too!! Try some for yourself!!! A++"
20,"I did some research first before purchasing any coffee online. I needed something that was bold and dark, something that had flavor that I could taste. My problem is I can never really taste the coffee in the morning when I use other brands. But what this brand there was no mistake as the flavor and boldness came flying through and I will continue to purchase this brand. It is exactly what I was looking for in a coffee.  Finally a great cup of coffee!!"
21,"I ORDERED FRENCH ROAST.  IT IS ACIDY AND BIDER WITH AN ODD FLAVOR.  AFTER  LOOKING AT THE BAG CLOSELY, I SAW WOOD SMOKE AND BURNT CARMEL ADDITIONS.  THEY WERE NOT EASY TO SEE. THE COFFEE IS VERY BITTER.  I ALSO NOTICED THE EXPIRATION DATE WAS VERY CLOSE.  I AM MIXING IT WITH OTHER COFFEES I HAVE AND WILL BE GLAD WHEN IT IS GONE OR I WILL JUST THHROW IT OUT. NO MORE PETES COFFEE."
22,"Update..NOT HAPPY with AMAZON QUALITY CONTROL. 1ST BAG ARRIVED SPLIT OPEN & THIS REPLACEMENT EXPIRED 6 MONTHS AGO!Favorite coffee of all time. I only drink Dark French Roast and this one is much better than Starbucks.Loved the ease of the KCup but once I learned the Kcups is a disaster for the Earth and the inventor has huge regrets for inventing them, I had to face up to this truth.Actually I got rid of the many Keurigs and the knockoffs and have a tiny old fashioned coffee maker and I love it.Additionally I am saving $20 a month on coffee since I switched from Peets Kcups to their ground and this is just one person who only drinks 1 cup a day. Imagine how much money you will save ditching the Kcups and stop polluting our earth. :) WIN WIN"
23,"I really like Peets coffee and this seemed like a good deal - signed up on S&S for monthly delivery by the 10th.  Got an email last week saying they were having problems with this item.  Finally received today on the 16th of September.  As I was putting it away I noticed that the Freshest Buy Date was 9/4/2020.  So I effectively just got it and it's 12 days ""past due"" already.  Usually when I buy in the grocery store I get it one month before that date.  Very disappointed with Amazon on this item.  Will be canceling my S&S."
24,"This is my favorite blend from Peet's. It's bold, flavorful, and sweet. I've been using this bean in my superautomatic espresso machine, and both espresso and coffee come out amazing. It's so flavorful with great crema. It makes a better cup of coffee than Starbucks or Lavazza.Definitely recommend it for espresso."
25,"I love this coffee. It's always bold, fresh, smooth, and crisp. I order from Amazon because I am bad at remembering how much coffee I have in the bag when I'm at the store, and I've had some tragedies in the morning where I didn't have enough coffee. I have it on scheduled delivery so I always (usually) have more than I need. I have a can of (other coffee, starts with an F) in my cabinet, and I just cannot drink it. I'd rather drive to the store and get this coffee in the morning. My day isn't the same without it."
26,"Update 2/3/20:I'm updating my review and adding a star because I like this coffee even more than what I was buying previously.  I drank this exclusively for 3 days straight and when I went back to the k-cups realized I liked the Peets even more. I can still use the Keurig with ground coffee or just heat water to use in my pour-over, and still use the SFB as back-up. So happy to have discovered this brand as its more cost-effective and less waste to throw away. (Although the SFB is way more eco-friendly than the plastic k-cups with foil tops.First review:This is good coffee. The expiration date is on this bag is Feb 20 but coffee has a short shelf-life anyway. I use this on the days I'm not rushed in the morning, on those days my go-to coffee is SFB French Roast k-pods...still my favorite. (Trying to cut down on the waste by using re-usable filters when I can.)"
27,"I had been drinking Peet's Major Dickason's, but in K-cup form for a while, since we got a Keurig brewer at work. But lockdown came, and although I also have a brewer at home, decided to just get the regular ground coffee instead. Love this coffee. Strong bold flavor, without getting into the ""burnt"" territory that is starbucks. Have drank this pretty much every day since lockdown and I have no reason to stop. This is a great roast. Love it!"
28,"This is my favorite coffee to make at home or at the office. There's 0 bitterness. It has a full, bold taste as opposed to having a watery, thin profile. I've had my friends say they love it as well - so much that I've actually gifted it. I've purchased it numerous times from Amazon and I have absolutely zero complaints regarding taste.The plastic tab used to keep it closed could be glued on better though. The thing runs the width of the bag, along the top, but they only put a dab of glue like 1/5 of the length, right in the middle, and I've had a break off more than a couple of times. I just use a rubber band to keep the bag closed after I squeeze the air out of it. Not a big deal, but figured I'd voice this in case the manufacturer reads these. Gotta keep the coffee fresh!I drink it black or with MCT oil powder sometimes, so I'm not masking it with sugar or cream. I love the taste and I'll certainly be back for more. It's funny seeing how frequently it's not available from Prime. It looks like all the other sellers jack the price up - it must be a hot commodity."
29,"I have sampled thousands of coffees in my life as a coffee lover. In my travels I have had coffees in Europe's most prestigious venues, all the way to fine African and Indian coffee blends in both regions/countries. Peet's Major Dickason's blend reminds me of the coffee at an old British Officer's Club in Mumbai India, I once had.  Rich, complex, bold and just the right amount of flair.Peet's coffee in general is superior to any coffee I have had, but Major Dickason's blend is the best of even that elite group."
30,Got it today (10/16/20).  Bag shows date ground was 8/03/20.  So it has been  laying around somewhere for 2 months.  Bag also says 'best before 11/3/20'. NO WAY!!.  Terrible.  First attempt at decaf so I tried a brand that is supposed to be good.  NOT EVEN CLOSE.  Unless all decaf is supposed to taste stale.  Will not buy this brand again and be a long time before I try decaf again.
31,"I live in an area of unapologetic coffee snobs. So there are loads of really great local coffee roasters. As one of the unapologetic coffee snobs, I DO support my local roaster. But I am NEVER without a bag of Peet’s, EVER. Peet’s coffee is unsurpassed in aroma and taste. I’ve yet to taste a coffee that can beat it. And this is someone who TRAVELS to coffee fests throughout the year.Peet’s, never stop doing what you do. You do it the best."
32,"#1, Maj. Dickason's blend from Peet's is great coffee#2, I ordered this Jan 24, 2019, received it on Jan 28. But it was ground on Oct 18, 2018 with a Best By date of Jan 18, 2019.#3, I'm slow, but I finally found a way to contact Amazon via email and immediately received a phone call from Customer Service (as I had requested). The Amazon rep, Alex M, quickly straightened things out by promising an overnight replacement with fresher ground coffee, for free and with no shipping charge... it arrived this morning!! ""Ground on 1-10-19, Best by 4-10-19."" Yippee!#4, This same problem happened a few years ago for the same coffee from a different Amazon vendor, who immediately refunded the purchase price (as I requested).#5, I am sure that an empire like Amazon keeps good records of our purchases, frequency and prices. I noted on Alex's email summary, that showed, among other data: ""18 orders in the past 6 months;"" whether that was a factor in how I was dealt with and ""made whole,"" I don't know. But mega-kudos for swift resolution of a small glitch.#6, I mentioned to Alex that this incident might make the order-pickers pay more attention to details, which would save me some inconvenience and would save Amazon some money."
33,"Loved Peet's when I lived on the West Coast. I was hesitant buying this since so many poor reviews. Nicely surprised though. This is a very smooth and delicious coffee. I bought the 20 oz bag on S/S for a July 9th delivery, received on 7/2. Roasted date is 5/30/19 and best-by date is 8/28/19. So that's approximately 2 months use before nominal expiration date. I guess it depends on how fast you are going through your stash. For me, the 20 oz bag for a period of 2 months works out about right, with some small overlap.Sure it's not like walking into a Peet's, listening to the grinder and getting a fresh cup on the spot. But you're not assured of when that coffee was roasted either. This says a tropical fruit blast, honestly I dont taste anything like that, but Im not drinking it black so.For me this brand is highly preferable to Starbucks."
34,"I'd forgotten what Major Dickason tasted like.  I've always loved dark roasts, especially Seattle's Best, Costco Sumatra, Guatemala, Costa Rican, Mayorga Mocha Java and Roastmaster's just to name a few.  I had a colleague about two years ago and he was always raving about Major Dickason and I guess he planted this idea in my head.  Major Dickason is really Peet's flagship coffee, their original claim to fame.  The company doesn't sell its product cheap.  The first time I tried it again after not having it for over two years, I was a little disappointed.  However. I learned to love all over again.  Now, I make sure to smell the rich coffee in the bag whenever I set my coffee machine up.  When I first saw the brand name in Costco, I thought that the name was a joke.  But after I tried it and read how it was created, I became a big fan.  How did I ever forget it???  You won't either.  I recommend it.  Delicious."
35,"This is the second time I have complained about outdated coffee.  I have complained but Amazon does nothing about it. I really like Peets coffee because it is fresh. The delivery I get from Amazon defeats the purpose of fresh, delivered coffee. Peets coffee brews coffee by the date, This is 2 days over the expiration date and the expense of buying Peets is that your coffee is suppose to taste best when it is fresh. I would think one of Amazons dictum to vendors that this is not the place to get rid of their outdated items. Makes me suspicious of all vendors."
36,"Just my favorite coffee. I don't want to drink hot water in the morning. I also don't want to grind beans every morning.. I don't want to add to the plastic epidemic with a Kuerig. Nor do I want to spend 4$ on a cup of Starbuck coffee. I just want a cup of coffee, hot & strong with no artificial flavors or sweeteners. I love Peet's Major Dickason in my Hamilton Beach single server coffeemaker. Just good, strong, flavorful coffee!"
37,"I love Peet's coffee, but this is the second time in as many shipments the bag had a slit in it. The delivery box was not damaged, and I don't use sharps to open. Slit open bag=degraded quality.UPDATE - A replacement shipment was quickly scheduled, which would have raised this to four stars. But Amazon Delivery handed it to someone OTHER THAN ME, at AN ADDRESS NOT MINE! I would rate zero if I could."
38,"I have no idea who made the slice in my bag.  The cut was 90° to my cut of the tape to open the bag.  Plus, there was a few granules of coffee loose in the box.  Plus at the small slice, there were also multiple dimple impressions.  I'm afraid to use a coffee bag that was sliced before shipping to me.  It was a small cut, easy to miss while boxing."
39,"See the attached picture. This is not the first time I have had complaints about Amazon.  Short or outdated coffee?  No problem, Prime can do that!  Hole(s) in bag, no problem!.  Throw the coffee in way too big of a box with an additional item that has pointed edges that puncture one of the two bags.  By the time it got here, I now have two bags  full of air.  I can go to Kroger and the coffee is a solid Brick with no air to kill the taste. I must be crazy to keep the auto order to save pennies and sacrifice flavor.  Teach your packers to put it in the correct size box (you could saves millions of $$$$$$$ by doing so.  Send my review up to the top please so everyone can get good coffee at a Prime price."
40,"this is a wonderful daily coffee.  it is not too acidic (dunkin donuts), not too strong (some starbuck's), and good middle of the road mixture of dark but drinkable coffee blends.  I've found some coffees seem to have too much caffeine and that's not always desirable either.  Illy coffee is great, but too smooth?  Almost like drinking flavored water.  I know everyone's tastes are different & we all have our favorite brands, but this is a good well rounded coffee to try (more on the dark side than a light blend though)."
41,"Price is right and every bag I've received has been within 2-3 weeks of packing date. Peet's is a great brand because it's quality coffee at a competitive price. Next time I order I'll set up for monthly deliveries.Update (Organic French Roast): Because of the ridiculously fluctuating pricing of Peet's ""traditional"" French Roast on Amazon I decided to try the organic variety. It's decent, would have to have the regular and organic side by side to detect any difference. I'm buying this again because it's a very good bargain per ounce. I do wish I knew why there is such a huge difference  - only on Amazon - in this organic versus the regular French Roast, especially since Walmart still sells the regular (when it's not sold out) for exactly the same price they've been charging for the past year or more. It just doesn't make sense. Still 5 stars for this immensely flavorable Peet's coffee. One last thing to note is my last order of Organic French Roast was very close to the ""best by"" date."
42,I usually don't write reviews but I had to for this coffee. Very dark and full bodied coffee. But the thing that stands out for me is that they show the roast date on the package. Similar to micro breweries to coffee roasters few stamp the actual date on the package. Peet does this and many others need to follow suite.
43,"I love Peet's Major D and happy to include in my subscribe and save line up.  I was disappointed to see the dates on the package and receive my order after the 'Freshest By' date, hence the 3 star rating."
44,"The coffee arrived in the mail today. According to the date on the bag, the beans were roasted 11 weeks ago and the coffee has a use by (“freshest by”) date of 5 days from now. It’s pretty clear that someone was cleaning out stock that was about to expire. The coffee tastes fine to me (no a coffee snob, so what do I know), so two stars for that. Sending out stock that expires in 5 days: not cool. Buyer beware."
45,"Delicious cup of coffee. This one surprised me. I expected good coffee from this brand.  I got a great first brewed cup of coffee and savored every sip.Nice pick me up without peeling me off the wall...Lovely brew and I will purchase again.Hoqever, if they keep downsizing the package but not adjusting the price - I will move on. Too many superior, single source organic coffees available to deal with shrinking ounces on Peet's.Caribou is a lovely brand as well with good bang for the beck. It is sold in multiple sizes, too. I usually purchase two, 20 ounce packages.  I am satisfied with my purchase."
46,"Very disappointed before I opened a package. I ordered 2 packages; Received them on Apr 1, 2018 one has a freshness date of Apr 5, 2018.Seems very UN customer friendly to send a package that is 4 days from its freshness date. The other package, I have hopes for - it's dated May 5, 2018 so I will have a month to see how it is before it is beyond it's freshness date.Very, Very disappointing"
47,"This tastes like stale, supermarket brand coffee or what you find in your cup at a diner. Not all what I know Peet’s to be. Think ransid decaf but it’s not decaf. Such a disappointment. Returning for refund. Will stick with my usual vendor for authentic Peet’s coffee."
48,"I am very picky about my coffee. We love our coffee up her in the Pacific NW.  I thought I would try a medium roast for a change and love the Brazil. It's not bitter, I would say medium leaning slightly deeper. It is my go to coffee for daily mornings. Peet's French Roast is dark without bitterness, their Major one is nice and it's popular too. I have purchased the French and Major beans, grinding them together just to change it up. Their website explains what their different coffee notes are, citrusy, chocolaty, etc, but the best prices have been here on Amazon."
49,"I bought Peet's Columbia coffee for the first time in the local supermarket in early December 2019. I could tell by the aroma when I opened the bag that it was excellent coffee. Was not disappointed when I had my first cup. I then ordered it from Amazon and received it 12/24/19. The bag said it was roasted 10/30/19 and freshest by 01/28/20. I noticed it immediately when I opened the bag that the intense aroma of the coffee beans was not there. This could indicate freshness, although it still had a good month of freshness. Something is off as it just did not taste like the first bag I bought. Don't get me wrong. Peet's is an excellent coffee. I am just going to buy it in the supermarket from now on."
50,"I’ve been buying Peet’s coffee for the last 10 years. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, I decided to buy a big bag on Amazon. It was a little skeptical of this because in the past I’ve seen reviews on coffee being passed their freshness date. Do you know anything about coffee you’ll know that, that is a big no-no. Much to my delight (and surprise) this particular bag was roasted just 1 month before I bought it. That is super fresh!The cost of this 20 ounce bag was exactly the same amount as it would be in the store. So I didn’t exactly save any money but I know what I’m getting when I buy a bag of Peet’s - the best."
51,"UPDATE Feb 2020:  AFTER ""ageing"" for a month, the bitterness disappeared. I thought this meant I didn't like the volatiles, but my next order was also very fresh, but back to being delicious.  I suppose that was a substandard batch. So, from 1 star back to 5 stars for me.From December 2019:I order this monthly and have loved it.  But my most recent delivery tastes AWFUL.  It is very bitter.  I used to drink a pot each day.  Yesterday,  I could only force down two cups.  Even with lots of milk, my stomach hates this stuff.  So disappointed 😞.Just received two bags. Opened one (both labeled freshest by 01/15/20; roasted 10/17/19) says 6  20:11:30 on side.  It is revolting!  What happened?"
52,Item was 5 months out of date when received. Didn't notice right away. My sister and I thought they changed something but really started tasting yucky.
53,Product expired 12/20/17; arrived two days after expiry. I guess I am the sucker for subscribing instead of buying these at a grocery store
54,"I ordered 3 packs of this Peet’s Coffee, French Roast and I’m Extremely Pleased that all 3 packs are nice solid blocks! That means no air has entered the package and it tastes very fresh. The use by date is a whole month away plus a couple of days. Am excited!"
55,"Peet's is the best. Costco in CA carries it, but not here in NC. Bummer. Anyway, if you don't know Peet's Major Dickason's, you ought to try it.  Dark, rich, full bodied.  Watch out! If made strong it will put hair on your chest. ;-)"
56,"I haven't found very many brands of coffee that I like but I love this one! This is one of my favorite not just Peet's but of all the coffees I've tried! I enjoy light to medium roast coffee most of the time, but Peet's Brazil single  is perfect for my Keurig and I can fill the pod as high as I want to get a deeper, stronger, more intense flavor when I want it!! This coffee covers all of my cravings for different roasts. It has wonderful, slightly sweet flavor with a touch of hazelnut! It's a smooth coffee that isn't bitter and does not upset my stomach..... Unless I drink over 9 cups in a short amount of time! Peet's coffee is by far my favorite coffee and gets me going in the morning! It's changed me from being coffee indifferent, into a fill blown coffee lover!!!"
57,"...because Amazon left this on the shelf and was ""Wasting time; Let the hours roll by; Doing nothing for the fun; Little taste of the good life; Whether right or wrong; Makes us want to stay stay stay for awhile""They just let the hours and the days roll by before selling it. They did nothing for the fun. Drinking coffee is the good life and with the short window to use by the ""best buy"" date it leaves little taste for that good life. Whether right or wrong, they had this bag of coffee stay stay stay for a while at their distribution center.I saw the reviews and should have heeded the advice. I have 33 days before I hit the best by date.Buy this in the store, not on Amazon."
58,"I'm a huge tea drinker but recently I started drinking iced coffee in the morning for a boost. I've gone through about five different brands of coffee but I found most of them to taste too bitter or too burnt. That's not the case with Peet's big bang coffee. It's not bitter and the beans are not burnt , instead they have this pleasant toasted flavor. I've had such a pleasant experience with this brand that I plan on trying some of their other varieties. The beans arrived fresh and the expiration date was a good ways out."
59,"Good price, fast free shipping. BUT, the coffee we received in November had, per info on the package, been roasted in August and had a sell-by date just a few days away. Peet's website says ""A few days after roasting, when the aroma springs from the bag and the intriguing tapestry of flavors is sharp, is when it's at its peak.""I'm thinking it might be best to continue to spend another dollar or two more to buy much fresher coffee at the supermarket."
60,"I have gotten coffee from here more than one other time and not had any issues. This time the coffee arrived and was very hard like a brick. I kept hitting it on the counter to loosen it up,but it only helped a little."
61,"Not going to “review” grocery store coffee since it’s pointless. Really all depends on your preference. But I do want to dispel the false notion that Amazon delivers near-expired coffee. Today is 6/21 and the bag is good till 8/21 and was roasted on 5/23. If you actually get a near-expiring bag, please use the app to request your refund. Amazon customer service has always been totally awesome and for something like this, you will most likely get a full refund or replacement and get to keep the bag."
62,Peets French Roast is my favorite coffee. Dark rich flavorful. 1 tablespoon per 4oz water makes a delicious cup. Medium grind. Works well in my Moccamaster. Might be a bit too fine for a French Press. I keep 1 bag of ground on hand as backup in case of a power outage and use the Whole Beans in a Burr grinder for regular use. Have turned many friends onto it. Even die hard Starbucks fans prefer it! Subscribed on Amazon.
63,"Others have complained about the same thing. This coffee was delivered today, 9/19/18, and is marked ""freshest by"" 9/30/18.  11 days to drink 1 1/4 lbs of coffee.  DaahhAmazon fulfillment should not do stuff like this !!!!"
64,"This coffee is so good! if you like smooth coffee that has a deep flavor and is rich and smokey, this is your coffee! Peets coffee has never let me down but this brazil flavor is so smooth."
65,My most recent package arrived damaged (perforations). Amazon is shipping me a replacement. All my previous purchases of this blend were sublime.
66,"This is the best coffee ever.  It's rich in flavor with no bitterness.  It's a bold roast very flavorful, with no acidic aftertaste.Wish that there were more stores  in my area ,so one could just stop in for a cup.If you appreciate coffee but  Peets.  It's pricey, but I'd rather have this than liquor.  Priorities."
67,"My wife and I drink a lot of coffee.  I drink 6-8 large (16oz) cups of coffee a day and my wife drinks 2-3 cups.  We have been using the Keurig system, with single serve pods.  As I am sure you can imagine, these get expensive over time.  I decided to get a new coffee maker and chose a percolator-type unit.  We purchased the unit from Amazon and along with the unit I bought 2 20 Ounce bags of ground Peet's coffee.  One of the bags of coffee is the Major Dickason's Blend.  This blend is a deep, dark blend with a very strong, bold flavor.  My wife and I both enjoy this blend.  It is very unique as far as custom blends are concerned.  Coffee is such a subjective thing that I will say the following:  The bag of coffee we received was fresh, flavorful, and priced a little less than average.  I will be buying more of this product from Amazon."
68,"Coffee was delivered on June 24, 2018. We noticed that the taste was a bit off. Just realized the best use by date is July 5, 2018. So somebody is selling old coffee. Don’t bother."
69,"OMG what can I say about this coffee, love the freshness to it. Also, absolutely love that I don’t have to grind the whole bean, as it’s already fine. Love the smell of freshly brewed coffee, during these hot summer times I make ICED COFFEE and I love it! The taste is quality"
70,"Definitely the best coffee!However, please please please pack them more carefully. The coffee bag is too close to the box and I often cut the coffee bag when I cut the box.  Thanks!"
71,"Like many of the reviews said (why didn’t I see that before?), I bought 3 bags which were delivered June 23. This coffee was bagged April 28 and according to its own label, is “freshest by July 27.”  While I liked the price, I had to also buy a grinder for the whole beans.  I’ll be buying directly from Pete’s next time. They taste fine- but the whole point of beans is to have the freshest possible. I’m half way through my first bag — and is July 5."
72,"I ordered this coffee amidst the corona virus outbreak since I could not leave the house, and I understand that things are limited right now, but the coffee's ""use by"" date was 1 month ago. I opened the bag and it smells quite stale. The other bag of coffee I ordered is fine and still has 1 month left before it's use by date. I think it's important to send fresh coffee grinds to the customers, and in the future I hope you will mark the ""use by"" date in the item description. That way we'll know if what we are ordering is still fresh or not."
73,"I really love Peet's coffee.  The biggest issue with ordering online is that you have no idea when it was roasted.  I've been ordering this for over a year now and they are usually at least a month old.  This time it was roasted about 2 1/2 months before my delivery.  While the price is good and the convenience factor is high, I may go back to the grocery store where I can see the expiration dates before I purchase.  I'll see if this becomes a trend."
74,Been buying this coffee for about a year now. It’s great and this is a good price!I highly recommend this coffee.
75,Started buying this at the end of 2017.  Have ordered 22 bags now.  All have been fresh.  If you like dark coffee this is it.  Thank you Major Dickason where ever you are.
76,Delivers exceptional coffee flavor for a decaf...flavor breaks through even when used for half caf brewing.
77,"Our favorite coffee delivered straight to our door for prices below supermarket or coffee shop retail. What more could a girl ask for? Rich dark brew, never bitter, the perfect thing to wake up to. We order two bags at a time, and have been Pete’s Coffee devotees for more than 30 years. So happy to get San Francisco Bay area coffee down in San Diego! Thank you Amazon for carrying this product."
78,"Reviewing an item that will be different for everyone is kinda hard, I can love the flavor of it, and someone else hate it, all from the same batch.  So what I will say, its quality coffee, This roast, is on the stronger side, but not harsh, I mix different beans in my grinds, so this mixed with a Sumatra, some Honolulu cafe coffee from lion, and a Kirkland Colombian coffee, has made a really nice flavor I like, I enjoy both the heavier bolder coffees, as well as the lighter more kona type coffee's.  Bottom line its a quality coffee product, try the different types of beans from them, eventually you'll find one you like."
79,Bold but not bitter. Was gifted with a bag by a friend. Used to be a Veranda fan. Have stuck with this since the first cup.
80,"This review is not about the coffee.  Our household loves Peet’s and the Major blend.  It’s our daily cup.This review is meant to be a warning for anyone who may consider the “Subscribe and Save” feature for routine ordering of this product.  Be very careful to review each purchase order you receive prior to the next shipment.  We started our subscription with this Peetnik pack costing around $14 with a delivery every two weeks.  The price has varied amongst the order but always has ranged from $14-15 which is somewhat reasonable.  This past order was increased by about $4.50 for a subscription “save money!” product that I can buy today for around the original $14-15 price.  I don’t know whether this was a unique occurrence, or if the seller/Amazon thought they might sneak in a 30% increase to test price elasticity or pull a fast one.  Ultimately we cancelled our subscription and likely won’t do anything similar in the future.For those considering subscriptions, you should know that Peet’s offers a similar service from their website with weekly roasted products."
81,"When I bought this, I guess I thought I had bought the beans, initially disappointed, but decided to use it anyway. Surprisingly for grounds, its nicely robust, good flavor, I like my coffee just black. So I was still surprised by the fresh taste as though I just ground the beans. It's just a good flavor, not acidity, not complex, leaves nice taste. First time I've tried Peets, I'm impressed, although I want beans next time."
82,"This is a better than average ground coffee that comes at a premium price. It costs about three times as much as a Dunkin Donuts coffee, though I wouldn't say it tastes three times as good. If you're wanting a better tasting coffee I would skip buying ground coffee altogether and grind your own coffee from whole beans. If you can snag a bag of freshly ground Peet's coffee for less than $10.00 it might be worth trying; otherwise go with the beans."
83,"My usual dark roast decaf has been discontinued so I checked out Peet's and approximately five other decaf brands. The taste was OK, the first sip will not have you saying ""wow', nor will it have you saying ""yuck"".  Maybe just me, but it seems this coffee has more caffeine than other brands. My main complaint would be the price. It cost twice as much as other brands than are as good if not better."
84,"I have been looking for a mellower brew than I used to use.  I like this and it has been consistent quality.  Taste is so personal and subjective I can't really speak to that, but I prefer coffees that do not have that ashtray flavor (that my gourmet brother loves???). So, this is not that. Creamy? chocolate-y?  maybe.  I don't know what 'sheerness' refers to so I did not remark on that."
85,Peets ......... these people are coffee roasting wizards. I roast my own coffee.......... but I can't get this quality of taste. I only buy 20 ounces at a time in order to use it fresh within the date on the bag. That lasts us over 2 weeks. Vacuum sealed and fresh roasted is very important. All coffee makers are not equal...... that's why I mentioned the Bonavita. It's fast and 200 degree brewing temperature.
86,"I got this as part of subscribe and save because I used to go to Peet’s when I lived in California and I’d previously been getting a cheaper coffee that was just “meh,” so decided to switch to a coffee I knew I loved. This coffee is not a great flavor, too acidic. Others said it tastes old and I don’t know if it tastes that way to me but it’s just not a quality coffee, so perhaps it is because it’s not very fresh."
87,"Major Dickason's is good, everyday coffee that I never get tired of.  It's reasonably priced if you don't drink a pound per week.  The 20 ounce package lasts me a couple of months or more, so I don't feel a need to find something cheaper and can enjoy this premium joe all I want.The real reason I'm writing this review is because a new 20 oz bag arrived today in a padded envelope, and the coffee bag had been punctured.  Coffee grounds had spilled out into the envelope and the aroma of coffee was obvious within six feet of the package.  This stuff needs to be shipped in a box!  Are you listening, Amazon?  There needs to be a way to rate orders as well as the products.  This order was a failure, and I can't give it one star.  Please ship bags of coffee in boxes."
88,"No flavor. Too old. Never buy it GROUND.I love Peets Major Dickason, and have for 30 years. I ordered this supposedly Peetspak of GROUND coffee by mistake, which was 30 days old since roasting and grinding, thus it NO flavor.Wasted my money, and will toss it out. I live in Central Oregon where the Peets in stores is ALWAYS too old. I have to buy it from Peets.com to get it within a week of roasting. I was in Peets Berkeley store in 1990 when Alfred Peet explained to coffee aficionados that coffee looses 50% of flavor 1-2 weeks after roasting. And also 50% within an hour of grinding. Tough standard. Try it fresh its awesome."
89,Very dissapointed.  Sent as a gift and date says roasted on 4/26/19 and best used by 7/26/19.  What is wrong with you.  Its 11/22/19!!!! Made a terrible impression on someone who has been buying Peets for over 25 years!!!
90,"Normally I am not a French Roast type guy; love Expressos etc. I am always trying different coffees and beans for a variation of flavor to break up any routine habit. To me this coffee had a Crisp, Bold and Very Pleasant, Non Acidic flavor. Some of the reviews stated their receipt was stale and dry, not my case. Date was still intact, grinds are moist, package was well sealed."
91,"First time this has happened I received one  (1) pkg of French Roast not two (2)  I have been ordering Peet's coffee for my husband and I because it's strong, dark and we love it!  But, we were shorted by a pack this delivery on January 23.  I even send them to my brother in Chicago from time to time.. We've always  gotten two bags What Happened???  Still the best coffee ever and we will continue to order it from Amazon."
92,"My favorite blend ever! Coffee fiend & hands down my favorite coffee outside of espresso.I've added this item as a monthly subscription & took it down a star because the last shipment had a few bags partially open & coffee all over the inside of the box due to an improper seal. The coffee itself is excellent, I hope the seller reads these reviews & step up their sealing process."
93,"Peet’s coffee in general is my favorite brand and coffee but sadly this will be my last purchase from amazon. As you can see from the image, I received this yesterday but it was freshly roasted on 4.30.2020. Also it wasn’t an airtight as I was able to smell the coffee from the container it arrived on.On Peet’s website, they will roast it fresh on the day you purchase their bag. It’s $6-7 dollars more but worth it."
94,"This coffee is horrible1. Bag had a roast date of 6/19/19 and a use by date of 9/19/19.  At least Amazon could send coffee within the freshness date.  Horrible stuff, went into the trash.  Very disappointed, been drinking Peet’s Major Dickinson blend for many years.  Oh well, shoulda known better...."
95,"I have used Peet's since 1984 and the Major Dickenson Blend since about that time.  The F rating is crap.  I use FakeSpot all the time because of the blatant dishonesty of many vendors on Amazon and the lack of Amazon responsibility for anything not sold ""by Amazon"", but I am learning that FakeSpot can be wildly inaccurate as regards the quality of a product."
96,A great coffee with a unique taste - we love it!
97,"I am always trying new coffee brands, especially fresh beans in organic markets..  I love to grind beans for the most flavor whenever possible.  I use a french press as well as a drip coffee maker with an attached one-cup unit that holds Keurig pods, etc.  This is one of my top favorites.  Very smooth but still a robust flavor with a citrus fruity back note."
98,"I bought this based on the reviews and price. This is only the 6th or 7th coffee I've tried but it's not as good as other that are a bit more pricey. I was buying Kicking Horse coffee (Grizzly Claw) and thought I'd get a better bang for buck with Pete's only to be waiting on another bag of Kicking Horse to arrive. Even at 4-5 tablespoons per cup it's just not as strong as what I like in flavor, aroma and mouth feel. It's just not there."
99,"Expire end of month and shouldn't have sold at regular price has out live shelf life , coffee old with no flavor."
100,"I love Peet's coffee, and how they work hard to get the freshest coffee possible to consumers. No, it's not the same as buying local, but it's the next best thing.I make pour-overs at work every morning, and this is an excellent coffee for that.The bag I received on July 6 was roasted April 26 and says ""freshest by July 25"". Not bad. Gives me a little less than a month to enjoy it at optimal freshness.Highly recommend flavor!"
101,"I accidentally purchased ground coffee, so my mistake, but this isn't the best way to get Peet's.The price is fair, but it was ground 2 weeks ago and the flavor isn't great, not terrible, but definitely lacking.Now I have enough inferior coffee for a couple of weeks. I'll use it up but can hardly wait until I need to replenish so I can get whole beans."
102,"UPDATE: keeps being an issue. June 1 fresh by date, delivered on 8/14. Great concept with the larger package and automatic reoccurring ship option. The issue is the coffee has been coming with a two week window on the best by date. Amazon is shipping coffee that’s about to essentially expire. I’ve had three orders and all three had a very short time before the Coffee reaches its BB date. I like the price, convenience and product just need to receive a fresher product."
103,Terrible quality control. I bought this because I drank it over a year ago in CA at Peet’s. Now after international shipping  2 bags sit in my frig and I prefer Kirkland espresso blend from a Zugirushi coffee maker. Big mistake which I paid for. Not expired.
104,"The first few times I received this it was fresh and had a long expiration date. However, the last several shipments are either expired or will expire in two weeks! I will cancel my subscription."
105,"Coffee arrived today, 9/24, two weeks past the ""Freshest by"" date of 9/10, and more than three months after roasting on 6/12.  Inherent in the product's promise is that the product is best by the freshest by date. Otherwise, why would they put it on their package? More importantly, why would they ship coffee that is two weeks past it's freshest by date? And now Amazon refuses to accept returns. Shame."
106,This stinks. Coffee is “best” by 9/30/18. Today is 9/12/18. I bought 20 ounces. No way can we finish this by the 30th.
107,We love the classic French Roast taste of Peets ground coffee but the bag of coffee I received was not so fresh.  The best buy date is only a few weeks away from the time I received it.
108,Pete's Major Dickason's Blend is an absolute in my morning. 1 cup with a shot of Hazelnut Creamer wakes me up and puts a big smile 😃 on my face! The taste is strong and bold but isn't overwhelming. Best coffee I've tasted in forever! Beats Starbuck's dark roast coffees hands down by a long shot. I finally found the perfect dark roast blend for my very particular tastebuds! Hint: Brew it light for the best flavor. Suggested brewing is really strong if you like it that way. It is really good that way but I have enough hair on my chest already! Pete's for life! 💖👍 😃 You gotta try it!
109,"I am a coffee drinker, but I only drink 1 (20 ozs ) per day.  I am always looking for different kinds of coffee to drink, as long as it is ""dark roast.""  My sister's fault.  The coffee arrived Oct. 5th, but the roasted date was 7/15/18.  The freshest date was 10/13/18.  At any given day, I have 2-3 different coffee on my kitchen counter, and still trying different brands, including instant, for when I am running late.  The point is that I would have like for my coffee to be at it's best for longer than 8 days."
110,"So for the first time I tried the ""Alexa, order me my coffee."" thing. This is the product it sent me. I usually buy the Major Dickason's blend in the black bag and have never ever had a problem with the ""Freshest by date"" Unfortunately, with this product, the freshest by date was the day after I received it. Knowing how lovely Peet's coffee is I decided to risk it and I kept it. It turns out I noticed no difference in the flavour and aroma compared to Peet's coffee that is several weeks or more before the date on the package. However I am still dissatisfied in having paid full price for a product that is basically expired.  I noticed many other reviews mentioning the same complaint. Old coffee!"
111,"I'd never had Peet's coffee before but decided to try it based on all the positive reviews. Really delicious strong coffee. Would definitely buy again and really great pricing. I usually drink dark roasted coffee such as French or Italian roasts, latte, macchiato or cappuccinos. This ranks with the best of them."
112,"Try it for Peet's sake! I discovered this blend while on vacation last year. I had heard of Peet's but never tried it. Fast forward a year, and now I have tried a couple other blends from Peet's. In my opinion, the House Blend is the best. It is better than the Major Dickason Blend, which is much easier to find in stores for some reason. The House Blend just has the right balance for my tastes."
113,"I'm a Peet's fan,  usually I'd buy direct & get the coffee beans in 2 days.  But @ $5.95, this was a good deal to try.  The beans I received were roasted 2 months ago.  So not too bad.  Big Bang is a medium Roast, so it's pretty fair over all but not as great as some of Peet's special beans & super freshly roasted."
114,"Ordered a 20oz PeetsPack of Major Dickason’s coffee..my favorite. Tasted flat. Looked at roast date . Five months ago. Best buy date three months ago. Delivered in one day, but five months old when you get it. Unacceptable!"
115,Consumer beware -- I just bought three 18 oz. packets of Peet's House Blend Decaf coffee which is normally my favorite.  It arrived several weeks out of date.  Completely stale.  All attempts to return it and be reimbursed have failed.  So I am $64.83 out of pocket thanks to the terrible service from Etail co.
116,What a great product of a great price basically for what you would pay for one cup of coffee with a tip I have a large coffee chain you get many days of hot fresh wonderful coffee. I bought paper clips for the house or paper coffee cups so I can pretend I am my own barista it’s just great and wonderful people coming to work with their five dollar cuppa coffee I come in the work with my own paper cup in there but he knows the difference.
117,"This is damn good stuff. I am a total coffee snob and as far as pre-ground goes, this is it for me. I've tried everything, and the flavor of this brew is my favorite so far for factory-ground coffee. In fact, when I have purchased it whole bean and ground it myself, it is even better (but not as good as my favorite whole-bean coffees from Urth Caffe). This is the best pre-ground coffee I have found (as opposed to going to a place and having them grind younio a pound of something)."
118,"I CAN buy this coffee locally but I can't buy this flavor in this size. Even if I wanted the locally available flavors, the prices are between $5 to $10 more."
119,"Have had and enjoyed Peet's Coffee before, but this time I am sorely disappointed in my purchase. I've been grindit my own beans for years and never seen this much chaff before. Looked awful, tasted worse. Have had better coffee from gas stations."
120,"Disclaimer: This is a personal opinion for taste of Coffee, YMMV. I expected Big Bang to be flavorful but it turned out to be bad. Had tried Peet's before at my friends place, Medium Roast different flavor that felt good so thought of trying this flavor in medium roast. I will try some rich flavor from Peet's again but not anytime soon though."
121,Received today : 10/01/20. Past the fresh date as per my photo . Totally disappointed!Edited* Seller reached out to me after I emailed my complaint apologizing profusely. She promised to send me a fresh replacement with 40% off . Waiting to see if it happens!Further on the above - Amazon issued a full refund for the coffee !
122,"it's not your typical french roast-- not burned and bitter. it's more like espresso, dark, cocoa-y, full flavored. YUM!"
123,"Peet's decaf house blend has a bold, robust flavor - proving that decaf coffee does not have to taste weak.  All of Peet's dark roasts are bold and full flavored.  I highly recommend them for those who want decaf, even now and then, but still want a full flavored cup of coffee."
124,"I’ve been drinking Peet’s for almost 3 years now and I was disappointed by this flavor. We normally drink Major Dickerson’s but I ordered this one because my in-laws were coming into town and I know they do not like dark roast. However, despite being a medium roast... this one tastes much more bitter and acidic to me. Perhaps that’s common with medium vs dark roasts, but this is not my favorite Peet roast."
125,"I don’t know what happened to this coffee, but it has the consistency of a hard brick.  I’ve ordered Peet’s coffee before and never experienced anything like this!"
126,"We get 2 bags/month via Subscribe & Save. This month it was over 4 MONTHS past the freshest date. Amazon refunded me, no return needed."
127,"I have been ordering this coffee for a while--it is a really nice, strong and smooth coffee.  My most recent order, delivered on June 7th had a ""best used by"" date of June 11th.  I love coffee, but even I cant drink it that fast.  First time this has happened with this product but now I am unsure whether to risk it again."
128,"This coffee is sooo good. I like it black with stevia, or sometimes I use creamer when I feel like I deserve it or need some more sweetness. But the smell is great, the amount for the price is fantastic, and it is a much finer grind than other coffees I've gotten so you really get the coffee taste and not dirty bean water."
129,The use-by date had expired by several months when these arrived. The brewed coffee tastes stale and flat. I'm very disappointed as I know how good this blend is when it is fresh.
130,"I've been hand grinding this, super finely, to make Turkish coffee.  It works very well for that.  The only problem is that this uses it up very slowly, and I'm past the ""best by"" date, but it's still good for now.This roast is on the darker side of medium, and is not bad for making regular coffee with a different grind and a French press, although generally I prefer a dark roast for that."
131,"at the moment it is the best coffee we have found, its rich , hearty and a very good flavor"
132,"Often when buying and grinding my beans at the market, I like to do an 80/20 medium to dark blend.With Major Dickasons, I felt as though I had died and gone to coffee heaven! Will definitely be purchasing this again in the very near future. Strangely, it took on a bitter note when I ran a batch through the workplace coffee machine.Must have had a reaction with the Folger's LOL!"
133,"I love Peet’s Coffee and this flavor/blend especially. Unfortunately, freshness isn’t a priority for anyone other than me and Peet’s Coffee. At least tell shoppers in the product description that these are beyond the fresh date."
134,"My wife and I have been drinking this for years. It is usually hard to find. At times, on rare occasions I can find it at a better price but not usually. That is why I have a subscription because this is a must in our household. This coffee comes from an area where the best coffee in the world is grown and it is well worth it."
135,"I love Major Dickason’s. Ordered the subscription service for the 2lb WHOLE BEAN 2 bag monthly delivery. I French press, hand grind and drink a lot of coffee. Go ahead judge me. In the six months of subscription it was substituted for the ground 20oz 3 times. IDK if there is a shortage-hard to find in stores here-however, communication before it shows up would go along way to customers satisfaction. I no longer subscribe"
136,"This is one of my favorite blends just after the classic Major Dickanson blend.The Brazil Minas has a smooth strong flavor with very low acidity and does not feel over roasted.My only drawback with amazon subscribe and save, I am getting 2 month old from the roast date on the packaging, while I can get 4 week old from Giant and Walmart."
137,"My husband is the strong, black coffee drinker in the family.  When we lived in the Pacific Northwest he had access to the best locally brewed coffee.  However, Major Dickason's Blend is the best ""stand-in"" for what he used to drink.  He has been using this coffee for over a year now and enjoys it immensely which is why we normally buy 3 to 4 20 ounce packages monthly."
138,Since San Francisco living I've loved Peet's.  This coffee blend is my morning brew favorite . . . and the dates on the package show me the amazing 'freshness' window of brew time origin and best use by finish dates.  How discerning for an ever more sophisticated taste!  AND I never saw this size available in any of my NE USA states grocery stores.  I love being gentle with my checkbook!  Blessings.
139,"This is the best ""good coffee"" at this price that I've found. My definition of good coffee may differ from yours, and I'm not totally over the moon with the flavor notes of this blend (I prefer lighter roasts), but there's just no better ratio of price to weight of coffee this quality that I can find anywhere."
140,I've been buying small bags of this coffee for years at the grocery store before realizing I can get it in a larger bag for less money. I buy the ground and keep it in the freezer until I need it - then I put in a jar on the counter. The flavor is so great! I like strong coffee but not bitter. This is robust and full flavored.
141,"I bought this as a gift for a relative, who is obsessed with coffee. They told me that it was one of the best blends they have ever tasted. The only negative is that now, my relative told me that they cannot drink cheaper coffee, as it doesn't even compare to Peet's! So be careful with this blend, you will never want to drink cheap coffee again!"
142,"I love this and keep a couple of bags on supply at all times...everyone I've ever made it for has loved it.  Sometimes I sprinkle cinnamon on top before I brew it.  Only complaint I have is how it was packaged in my last shipment.  Unfortunately it was just two bags in a small box so when I sliced the top open <SCHHWOOOP> it cut open one of the bags and there goes my favorite coffee, every where!  Take care in opening the shipping box."
143,Received today and expires in 5 days. I love coffee but not that much that I’ll use a pound in 5 days. Wasted money.
144,"This coffee has changed--and not for the better. It's not the rich, smooth, delicious Major Dickason's I've been making for years. It's pretty flavorless and thin, even though I use the same coffee-water ratio as ever. The package itself is slightly but noticeably different from the traditional one, and there are no images of this new package on either Google or Peet's website. This tells me that this bland junk might not be the authentic Peet's offering. Now I have to find a new source for my morning Peet's fix."
145,"It was gray price! However,I think it's not fresh and not smell of coffee.I should not buy coffee beans by online even another brands."
146,It smells good but found ground and thought I made mistaken. I could not return because 6 weeks after delivered it.I took two proven photos if seller contact me
147,"This absolutely my favorite coffee.  I only drink two cups a day so when I do, I like to have a really good coffee.  My grocery store sells this size and flavor for about $3 more, so this is a great price.  Arrived nice and fresh.  I’ll keep ordering this coffee from this seller as long as they keep selling it."
148,beans were roasted in January ....best if used by in two weeks...beans have been sitting around for awhile.....have not opened bag yet...dont think i will be able to grind and drink in two weeks..im getting old stock coffee beans..rotate your stock...not happy
149,"This ""medium"" roast is over roasted. Dark brown with a bit of oil on the surface of the beans. Purchased Oct 17, 2018, it has an Aug 14 roast date but doesn't smell very fresh. In fact, it doesn't smell like much of anything even after grinding. Can't taste much other than bitter due to the over roasting. Will not be buying this again."
150,"This is a good alternative to my Melitta European Roast.  I get both through Subscribe and Save on a monthly basis and enjoy switching off or mixing them to have a variety of flavors.  I’ve been trying new brands each month as my Melitta order doesn’t last me the whole month so I need an extra single bag till my next order arrives.  I don’t brew these, instead I put them in a cold brew filter and in the frig over night.  Sorry, not a hot coffee drinker."
151,"I have been ordering this for a while, but lately the fresh by date has been getting unreasonably close to my purchase date. I recently returned two items because the fresh by date was earlier than my previous order. The replacements were not much better. basically making it impossible to use the product within the fresh by window. The $2.41 savings is not worth the hassle. Very poor operations at the fulfillment center."
152,"I've been a Peetnik since the '70s when we lived by the Piedmont store, and having moved from the Bay Area, the availability of the Peetnik Pack is a lifesaver!  I end up going back to the pour over brew and this French Roast is rich and strong - not bitter.  The best cuppa joe, swear.  Amazon auto delivery keeps this grateful customer in her Peet's mode in the Midwest.  It's delicious - K-cups of Peet's French are great, as well."
153,"There’s no complexity in this stuff at all, it’s single note and bitter (and I like strong coffee).  Wish I’d stayed with Starbucks Cafe Verona, this was so disappointing!"
154,Package is not closed the same way as when you buy from the store. It’s also not the freshest since it expires shortly after purchasing. Within 2 months. Could still be good but I prefer something a bit fresher. After making the first batch my coffee tasted a bit different and odd and then I realized it could be because it isn’t fresh and from the batch I purchased here. Not very pleased won’t buy again.
155,"Ever wake up in the morning and you dread thinking about the day ahead? Well I do to, but, one cup of this coffee and you will forgot all the b.s. you have ahead. This coffee is liquid elixir. Pairs awesome with the Aero Press. I don't even go to Starbucks anymore. Unless I am getting water that is.All in all, amazing coffee. If you can find a Peet's near you, do yourself a favor, get a fresh bag of this coffee. GAME. CHANGER."
156,"I am favoring the single origin Brazilian these days, but Peet's is way better than Starbucks. I can't even drink the Starbucks out of the coffee maker any more. It's just too bitter. The Major is strong but smooth. It used to be my favorite but I'm getting older now so the medium roast is more enjoyable to me now."
157,"I got a fresh bag so there's no problem there.  This coffee when used in a standard coffee maker to make ""American"" coffee tastes a bit bitter and burnt, even after using slightly less grounds than my regular brand.  Will not purchase again."
158,"I owned a coffee and tea company for a time and I know that coffee/tea really are like wine, beer and other drinks are up to the ""drinkers likes/taste preference"" BUT I can tell you that this is a smooth rounded coffee. Low acidity for those like me that have acid reflux and it's my cup of coffee plus a GREAT VALUE.!!"
159,Got this for a gift for my brother. He is a coffee lover and drinks his black.  He said this coffee is too Fine and too acidic. The bag had a hole in it when it was direct delivered to him and I guess the freshness was not as good as it should have been.  Won't send him anymore of this brand.
160,"Clicked ""Buy it again"" and expected to get 2-20 oz packs of Peet's Coffee as noted on the previous order. When I recieved today it was only one... went back to my order online and saw that ""Buy it again"" was not ""Buy it again"", after you click ""Buy it again"" it only indicates 1-20 oz packet, didn't notice this change after I had clicked ""Buy it again"" for 2-20 oz order. Won't buy again for the most recent price and will be less trusting and more careful."
161,"My wife and I are coffee snobs and Pete’s is one of our favorite retail brands which is difficult to find in our grocery store.  That said, we were pleasantly surprised at how fast and convenient it was delivered via Amazon and it was very fresh and ready to use."
162,Love this coffee but we keep getting coffee that is either already past best due date or less the  a week to the best by date! My wife and I can not drink a whole bag of coffee in less than a week.
163,I've always loved Peet's Coffee but buying it through Amazon was a mistake.  They must get rid of all their stale coffee through Amazon because what I received was roasted in January and this large bag of coffee was at the very end of it's shelf life.  I used to buy it at their store where it was always fresh and wonderful.  So sad!
164,"This is the second best coffee I've ever had.  The best is Illy, but it is twice as expensive. Givalia's Majestic is a close third.  I'm always happy drinking Major Dickason's Blend everyday.  My friends always remark positively on the coffee when they come over in the morning and have a cup with me before we get going on the day."
165,This classic blend is a fantastic way to start every morning with. The flavor is robust and bold. That's why this blend is so popular.
166,"Hits the spot-I've always liked Peet's and frequented their shops when I lived in the Portland OR area. If you like a French Roast you probably will like this consistent cup of coffee. This is not one of those brands with more complex flavor or really unique, but it is one of the best coffees around."
167,I've tried so many different brands of coffee. This coffee is one of the best ones I have tried. It is bold and very good tasting coffee. A bit strong too. I do not need as much grind as I used on other brands when making coffee. This is great!
168,"My boyfriend loves this coffee, and most Peets stores seem to run out of it in my area!Super smooth flavor; bold but not too heavy with a rich, earthy flavor. It comes ground already, so you don't need to use a bean grinder or take it to your local Peets to have it ground. Well worth the money!"
169,"Excellent coffee with a very strong flavor.  Not for those who prefer a lighter roast.  We drink this black and love it, but some people may find it too intense.  Our bag was affordably priced and very fresh with two months left on it.  Can't complain and would definitely reorder."
170,The package clearly states: Freshest by 02/19/20.Talk about taking advantage of people who can not go out into shops.
171,"Love the coffee!  Unfortunately I absolutely detest the bag seal which leaves a hole near the opening.  Why even include a fixed twisty when you have to repair the bag?  Otherwise if you try to pour from it, it just spills grounds all over the place."
172,"The taste get's me up and going in the morning and the coffee cups are empty when we clean up after guests leave.  Words are easy.  Results speak far more loudly!  This is just good coffee and the Peetnik pack is the right size for the two of us who, together, drink two pots of coffee every morning."
173,"I love this coffee, however we received our most recent monthly subscription shipment on August 28, and the best by date is August 23. So it was expired. 😥😩"
174,"Peets has been a brand in its own class for some time and continues to remain. I've had MDB in the K-cup version, which is very good, but I wanted whole beans for my French press. Those were unavailable so I got the preground. Not disappointed at all... Bold, smoky, smooth, notes of dark chocolate with low acidity. Very nice cup of dark roast coffee in my opinion. Highly recommended!~ Enjoy your coffee ☕!!!!"
175,Taste is good but the date was only one month shelf life this is 9-14- 18 and  the Coffee Date 10-10-18 WAS NOT HAPPY AT ALL ABOUT THE DATE  WHAT CAN BE DONE CAN A FRESH BAG OF COFFE BE SENT WITH A YEAR DATE OR WHAT ELSE CAN BE DONE!  THANK YOU!!
176,Peet's coffee is just too good. Tastes so fresh and rich. We add it to a k-cup and the aroma is magical. SO worth it! This is for decaf drinkers. Usually decaf tastes weird but you can't tell this coffee is decaf. It's wonderful!
177,Don’t buy .  Tastes terrible.  I always love Pete’s coffee but this stuff tastes old and I can’t even drink it. Going to Costco today to get coffee so I can look forward to good coffee this weekend.
178,I used this bag as my starter bag for my new french press and hand grinder and I loved it! It has a lot of flavor and I was able to find some nice hidden nuances in the flavor of the bean after trying several different grind levels. I think I'm going to opt for something darker next time but this is definitely a delicious option. You can't go wrong!
179,"Like grinding beans myself daily, but quarantined so, had to order online. Ground was only way it was available at reasonable price. Not disappointed. Convenient to use this way, at least. Like the flavor, always have. A bit like cigar flavor withougtthe harm of smoking."
180,What’s going on with Peet’s? My last three orders were not what I ordered. Last two orders came through “ground”. The other came through half roasted. Weird!
181,"Love this coffee! It's just the right roast, flavor is great! Wish we could still get Alma de la Tierra though, that's our all time favorite."
182,"I ordered this anticipating a decent quality supermarket quality coffee, but this tasted much like what you find sitting in an old carafe that has been on the burner too long. It made me mourn for a cup of Maxwell House because at least that doesn't have a strong burnt flavor. Little flavor beyond that."
183,When there is No aroma and No taste it's just NOT COFFEE.
184,"My coffee has recently become unavailable so I thought I'd try this since the reviews were so high and now I know why. This coffee is so smooth for such a dark, robust taste. I'm extremely pleased and will always have this in my house."
185,"I ordered this to give as gift to my coffee loving coworker. I was supposed to give it to her on Dec 19th and it expired on Dec 25th! That would’ve been so embarrassing. I can’t give this as a gift. Merry Christmas here’s some expired coffee! Do not buy, not fresh at ALL."
186,I had to cancel this automatic order because the coffee was always close to expiration date.  Not fresh.
187,"I thought the Flavor was good But, I was hoping for more body. Even after setting coffee maker on strong settings. Wasn't bad, but I wouldn't buy it again. If you like coffee with less body you might like this one."
188,"If you have never drank freshly ground and French Pressed Peets Major Dickason, you are in for a serious treat!  I also drink it brewed in a 2-4 cup Mr. Coffee and a Keurig K-Cup, latter being a huge pleasant surprise for me.  I already bought my 2nd case of K-Cups for the office Keurig machine.  It is a very aromatic, dark, and full bodied coffee, albeit smooth, creamy, and completely devoid of acidity in a French Press."
189,Coffee was stale.  Do not buy this from Amazon.
190,"I love Peet's and have bought it online before with no issue. I just bought 2 more bags. Both bags had roasting dates in March and use-by dates in June (I bought them at the end of April and received them in May), but when I used the first bag, there was no flavor and it had an acidic taste and after-taste. Unfortunately, the quality was just not there and I asked to return them. Amazon thankfully accepted the refund but didn't want the coffee back."
191,"I bought 2 packages. They were made on May 2020 and the package said Best by ""Aug 19, 2020"". Apparently these have been stored in amazon warehouses. Now I have to use them within a week to get the best experience. Why did amazon send me dated product?  This is a criticism of amazon and not Peet's coffee which I like."
192,"Decided decaf was the way to go. Have always loved Major Dickinson coffee so decaf seemed the way to go. Absolutely correct! Rich, full bodied flavor. Love it and switching was not difficult at all."
193,"Love this flavor of Peets coffee, it's a household favorite. Arrived on time, a few months ahead of expiration date. Tastes great. I love the option of having coffee delivered to your door. Saves me a trip to the market."
194,"I searched for a dark roast that was not bitter and hard on the stomach lining. I finally found it with Peets at a reasonable price, now, they have doubled their price. I have started looking again."
195,The coffee I had been getting through subscribe and save became unavailable so I tried this. I like very strong coffee and some get very bitter when I use enough to get the amount of flavor I like. This one is not my favorite coffee but it’s not bad. I will probably purchase again.
196,I ordered whole bean and got ground. I like the freshness of whole bean vs the ground that’s why I ordered it that way. I hope next month I get whole bean and not the ground.
197,"I LOVE this coffee blend.  I've tried other Peet's coffee, like their Colombian Roast and I just come right back to the Brazil Minas .. much love for this blend <3  Also, great price on Amazon as it can be quite pricey at the grocery store."
198,"This is great fresh flavorful coffee.  Love it.  Would buy even if my daughter-in-law didn't work for them (in headquarters Marketing).  Arrived on April 22, 2020, with Roasted date: March 26 and Freshest by date of June 24, 2020.  So it is very fresh.  I recommend it."
199,"This is definitely the best tasting decaf coffee. The dark roast is delicious and tastes like caffeinated coffee.When it comes to value for the price, I would say that Bustelo is a much better value and has almost comparable taste."
200,"If you like a delicious strong cup of coffee, look no further! Peet’s Coffee French Roast is the best. This is the only coffee I drink which makes it hard when I travel but if possible, I bring a bag of Peet’s coffee with me. My only complaint is although I have it on automatic delivery, lately it either is not available or it arrives much later. Just means I have to make a grocery run!"
201,The price has more than doubled. No longer a good value. Can't justify buying it again.
202,What should I write about my favorite coffee. I am going to summarize: It is The Best. Usdd to purchase them in the grocery stores. Amazon beats the price.
203,"My husband got some of this for me for Christmas. I would have posted it as 5 stars easy.  It was some of the best coffee I've ever had.  And so, decided to get on a regular basis.  It arrived and was just awful.  I'd have never known was the same coffee.  No idea what happened, but I was sad!"
204,"I'm not sure what the difference is but a 20 ounce bag of Peet's lasts much longer than a similar size bag of Starbucks.  I find myself satisfied with the flavor of Peet's and frustrated with the lack of flavor of Starbucks.  I have tried both and I""m switching to Peet's."
205,"Like the flavor of the Peets Major Dickson Coffee has a rich dark roasted flavor, but still smoother than most dark roasts.  Came very fresh and was grounded great for automatic drip coffee machine."
206,"I only drink one cup of coffee a day. So the price is just fine for me. I love and I mean love this coffee. It's dark, it's rich, it tastes fantastic. It's the only one I ever order. I was giving this five stars but lately when they ship the coffee it’s after the “freshest by” date. By almost a month."
207,"Since the coffee companies decided to go from 16oz bags as the norm, down to 12oz for about the same price, we started buying from Amazon because the cost was lower and more appropriate for 12oz bags.Peets coffee is the best."
208,"We are almost through our stash now in early October as I write this (one month after ordering), and I was thinking that we really need to switch coffee because it tastes bad.  But that's odd, I thought, because I used to like this coffee.  Then it occurred to me to check the dates:  Roasted July 9, shipped September 4 and the freshest by date is September 30."
209,"I get this on a repeating subscription. However, every month at least one package is cut open. It appears that when they cut open the cases they slice the coffee bags. I've had them anywhere from a little knick to the front of the bag sliced from one side to the other."
210,"I subscribed to receive two 20-oz. packages of this coffee each month. My first order arrived yesterday, September 21, 2018. Both packages had a “FRESHEST BY” date of September 26, 2018. There is no way I can drink a months worth of coffee in 5 days, at which time the “FRESHEST BY” date will expire. If this happens again next month, I will cancel my subscription."
211,Coffee expires in less than a month from when I received it. Flavor is extremely bland and the coffee tastes stale. Huge waste of money to buy this from Amazon. I won't make that mistake again.
212,"I did subscribe and save on this product, yet it continues to be delayed. I know this to be bogus because it is in every supermarket known to man all the time. They just don’t want to honor it. Very disappointing."
213,"It is difficult to find a good selection of decaf coffees in my area. I remember this when I lived in Oregon. When I want something better I know where to get it at a reasonable price. However, I can't afford to buy this regularly."
214,"I have yet to find a coffee that tastes better using the Aeropress, whether it be whole-bean or ground.Skip the elitist hand-grinder and go for the ground.  It'll be gone before you notice a difference."
215,All 3 bags were about a week away from expiring. I should have been asked if I wanted it anyway.  The expiration date must be revealed. It was a disappointment because it was a gift.
216,I really like Peet's House Blend and buy it when it is on sale at Amazon or my local grocer. It is rich and smooth and a great eye opener in the morning. It is now on my rotation of coffee's that I drink.
217,"I really do like Peet's Coffee, but I had to cancel my subscribe & save order due to constantly getting coffee beyond the freshness date.  This is more of an Amazon problem than a Peet's problem.  For example, my last shipment arrived 4/29/18 and had a best used by date of 5/2/18."
218,"We love this coffee and subscribe to receive it every month, so we don't have to worry that I will run out.  It is a nice, rich cup of coffee without being burnt or bitter. We typically make two 10-cup pots each morning just for the two of us. I take it with me when I travel with a single cup cone and filters so I am sure of a good cup wherever I am."
219,"This was a pleasure to drink! Well balanced, low acidity. I do cold brew coffee and i will say this blend and brand is by far the best ive tried. Better than Happy Belly House blend. To bad Peets isnt Organic. I gave this just 4 stars simply because it wasn't organic but besides that I think its one of the best blends out there (at least for cold brew).  Highly recommended!"
220,"Could be 4.5 stars.  Tastes good, not too expensive, and has a decent caffeine kick.  Just not quite as tasty as the Tres Pontas, but perhaps a better everyday value."
221,"I don't know why, but this blend works great as cold brew.  I've been trying all sorts of beans and blends over the year, including fancy small batch coffee from local NYC shops, and this one is not only easy, but makes great cold brew.  I had subscribed for regular shipments but ended up cancelling because they kept arriving in poor condition, leaking and partially open."
222,"Compared to your standard decaf coffee, this tasted great! I don't recall being able to choose coffee with a very recent roast date during the ordering process. If that is important to you, you may have better luck going into a Sprouts or other retailer to purchase."
223,"What happened coffee usually comes vacuum packed , not this. Its good but so not impressed with no vacuum in of freshness. Expire date ...come on you give me a few weeks before it expires ...what the hell. Im one man drinking this coffee by the time I drink this all it will be way expired."
224,"I love the flavor of this coffee but the best by date was 2 weeks prior to the date I received it.  With that said, coffee doesn't actually expire until up to 9 months, 3 to 5 after opening; however, they should advertise accordingly.  Sending out coffee past the best by date is false advertising and should be on sale instead of full price."
225,"After receiving two expired bags of Peet's Decaf, an Amazon specialist got involved to correct the problem.  She was superb.  Professional and efficient.  Bottom line, after three attempts and thanks to her intervention, I received a perfect bag of coffee today.  Thanks to all."
226,Received on Friday 9-4-20. We subscribe and “ save” but the price has been going up and this time the coffee was 3 weeks past the date of freshness. We ❤️ this coffee but if they are going to send us old coffee we will have to purchase from somewhere else.
227,"My delivery was two months after roasting which is okay if you are used to in-store purchases. The bloom was minimal, meaning the beans had substantially degassed. I tried a Peet's subscription and now receive a pound of whole beans within one week of roasting. No comparison. I pay $4 more for each pound of beans (shipping), but find my pour-over brew worth the added cost."
228,"Best coffee out there.  My buddy introduced me to Peet's, who happens to be from the San Francisco area.  Smooth, flavorful, and yummy for sure.  You can find excellent deals from time to time in the super markets.  But, I drink enough of it, that it's way more convenient to order larger quantities from Amazon.  100% satisfied!"
229,Love this coffee
230,Do NOt buy!!
231,"I ordered this coffee two days ago and got it today (8/11).  Someone is dropping the ball on freshness.  Certainly makes me question the freshness on items that don't have dates.  No reflection on the actual product, but it's still disappointing. I thought Amazon had their act together better than this."
232,"This coffee wins, whereas so many other brands tried and failed. Wood Smoke and burned Caramel, who would have though. This coffee packs a punch. Strong and Bold, but never bitter. Works great in the expresso machine and perfectly just brewed. Just what is needed to get through the day. Amazon has the best price I have found."
233,"I absolutely love this coffee, however, I only gave it three stars because it burns very easily. If you don’t drink it right after it’s brewed, then it has a burnt flavor. This also happens if you try and reheated in the microwave."
234,"Not a bad price on, Amazon especially when you get a subscription. ""I'll have more Major dick, please!"""
235,"I have ordered this product religiously for the past couple of years and it has always been full of flavor and fresh. However, this last batch that I ordered, seems to be stale - there is no burst of aroma when a fresh pack is opened and the flavor of the brew is lacking. Hopefully the next set will be better and up to the original standards."
236,"Easily the best decaf coffee, EVER!!"
237,"What a delicious decaf coffee!  Smells amazing and taste even better, I use it in my reusable k cup pod- cheaper than buying this kind of peets in prepackaged k cups.  I will continue to buy this, it mixes well with their holiday blend too!"
238,"I usually love Peet's coffee.  I've had a number of different flavors from them, but this one just isn't good.  It's got almost a sour aftertaste.  Maybe I just got a bad bag, but I couldn't get past the off taste."
239,I got teo packages of this coffee and the best purchased by date is in a week! The guaranteed fresh date is also only one week from today. It was a subscribe and save order but I am not buying this product again
240,"The package I received was dated best by the day after I got it! That is not as fresh as I prefer by a long shot! Other than that, I like the roast and flavor, I think it would have been better if fresher."
241,"This is my most favorite flavor of Peets, but one came with a little bit wet inside and my box is opened by someone already. Hope it can be improved. The most disappointing thing is that it already a little bit wet inside the bean package, which might destroy the whole package."
242,"Used to like Starbucks but since they went libs on us , we went with this one and love it. Is not too harsh and not too soft is just right ! French press tho ;)"
243,I looked forward to trying this but the best by date was 6 days ago. I’m out of coffee so it was brewed and is okay but get it together Peet!
244,"Everyone says they are a coffee snob.  Even the ones that love coffee I can't stand.  This stuff is one of the best all-around coffees which is great to drink hot or make a great cold-brew.  I wish it came in bulk options because the price has set me off to explore other options which, are widely available in a competitive coffee market.  When it's on sale, I buy it."
245,"This product was almost out of date upon receipt, very disappointed."
246,Peet's Major Dickason's Blend is an awesome full bodied coffee. I am giving this only two stars because one of the two bags I ordered had a Freshest By date of 4/5/18 which is over a month past that date. The 2nd bag at least has 14 days left on the Freshest By date. From now on I will only purchase this locally where I can make sure I am buying fresh coffee. There is a reason Peet's lists the Roasted On and Freshest By dates on the front of every bag.
247,"I have tried a lot of other brands of their French roast and to me, Peete's is simply the best! My morning isn't complete without Peete!"
248,The absolute best ground coffee around. Provides an excellent caffeine boost! Superior taste. I prefer a home brewed cup of this to most cafe cups.
249,"I'm a bit of a coffee snob. I only drink dark roast coffee so whenever I find one that I really like, I'm pleased. More than pleased. This ""original source"" Peet's Columbian is a very nice dark roast with a smooth and pleasant yet still bold flavor."
250,"Delivered after the “freshest by” date.  I’m not the type to get hung up on such things, but if I’m buying nice coffee, it’s nice if it’s fresh. Ya know?"
251,"It's quite bitter almost like an espresso; and I like that. It's espresso enough to make an iced-coffee with it. Does it taste good? Well... maybe a little deeper taste than Maxwell coffee. It's grinded, so don't expect the same quality from freshly grinded whole beans. Do I recommend it? Well, yeah actually if you like strong bitterness of coffee. Speaking of bitterness, does it taste ""sour""? Actually no, and that's a big plus."
252,This coffee has the best flavor!  We have the subscription set up so we get two delicious bags of Peet's Coffee delivered to our doorstep every month!  If you want to try a new coffee - try this one and you'll love it too!
253,"an eye opener. that's all i ask of joe. pats me on the head in the morning. gently opens my sleepy eyes with a heavenly jolt of perfect aromatic blends. am i still dreaming? no. just one question. where is jose valdez? and also.  where is his little donkey? i wonder. well, that's really two questions. sorry. i just woke up."
254,"This is my favorite of all dark roast coffees, and I buy it in both drip and k-cups.  If you like a strong, dark roasted, full-bodied coffee that you don't have to pay a fortune to get it, then try this one."
255,"What little taste there is is awful.  Can't understand why a coffee called Big Bang is so timid.  Truly - if I hadn't made the coffee myself, I would have thought I got the second go-round on a K-Cup."
256,"My husband got some from a coworker and then requested more for at home, because he liked the taste. We brew it darker than most, but this is one of the only coffee brands/flavors my husband is a fan of."
257,"I like the flavor of the coffee, rich coffee flavor, not bitter.  Really like the 20oz packages and the price is great.  I have shared this with friends who agree they like everything about this coffee.  Major Dickason's blend is the best!"
258,"Like this coffee very much.  However, I break away from it now and then because I WANT organic coffee.  I always seem to come back to Peets though.  Wish it was available in organic"
259,I just recently was told that for medical reasons I cant have caffeine. I love coffee. I was so sad. I have always had Major Dickasons. I saw the decaf on Amazon and ordered a bag to try. I'm sold! amazing!
260,"Great find on warehouse deals.Was a little skeptical on coffee as a warehouse deal but I trust Amazon so took a shot.Arrived sealed, fresh, tasted great.The only difference between this bag and the last one we bought was the warehouse deals sticker was on it.Saved a TON.So worth it."
261,We’ve been sending this to a friend who can’t find it in her grocery store. She said that for being pre-ground it packs a punch. She adores the Major!
262,ive been on a binge of trying every coffee i can find on amazon and this one is by far the best. i dont think itll get any better and honestly i think my search is done.
263,Products were delivered to my neighbors house. I am disabled and I put in the special instructions that my apartment is the only apartment that has a handicap ramp. That's the reason for the low rating.The product thus far tastes swell. Excellent coffee.
264,"This is simply amazing coffee with incredible taste. It's hard to find good decaf coffee, and Peet's delivers fantastically with the Major Dickinson's Blend!"
265,Package says Freshest By 07/23/20.  I received 08/15/20.Package also says it was Roasted 04/24/20.  I wont be buying anymore coffee off Amazon unless the dates are clearly stated.
266,"My absolute favorite aroma and body in any coffee EVER. People comment on it every time I make it. I love it it. Not too dark/burnt tasting—somewhat bold, a perfect medium roast. The fruity aroma is what makes it great. It's my favorite. All other coffee sucks now."
267,Taste is great. I researched which coffee beans are recommended. I agree these are very good. I use a course grind for my Keurig and makes a great tasting cup.
268,This coffee has gotten me off Starbucks and It's gotten me to MAKE coffee every night so I can have my iced coffee in the morning!  If you haven't tried this yet... GIRL... What are you waiting for??? Buy It NOW!
269,"What do you call a guy that has been buried at the bottom of a bog for 500 years? Peet! (a.k.a. Peat! ; a.k.a. Pete!). Just like this joke, this coffee is rich in flavor and robustness!! You can’t go wrong with Peet’s coffee."
270,I am never disappointed by Peet's. I just wish they would open more locations because I think they serve much better tasting coffee thanStarbucks.
271,STALE coffee. STALE coffee. STALE coffee.The only upside is: this makes the cheapest coffee from costco like heaven. !_!
272,"This taste more like 'regular' coffee, I like Starbucks much better!"
273,"This coffee has great strong flavor. This is the 3rd time I have bought this coffee through Amazon. This time one of the 2 bags arrived and had been sliced open, probably with a box cutter. A little disappointed but this will not stop me from continuing to buy my coffee this way."
274,"I love Pete's Big Bang coffee when buying it ground in the store. So I Thought Whole Bean Would Be better Because It Would Be fresher. This coffee has a slight fruity taste, which is really brought out by the fresh bean! I actually don't like it as well. But the product ordered was exactly as described!"
275,LOVE this coffee!! I use it to make cold brew and its delicious! came to me very air tight sealed and the aroma was delightful opening it up
276,As a black-coffee drinker I'm more picky about the raw flavor of the coffee beans. I really like this brand and flavor and it's become my go-to coffee! Recommend!
277,It gives a crazy boost but man when it wears off I feel hungover and just want to curl in a ball and sleep. I've gotten tummy aches from coffee before but this is another level. Makes me miserable
278,"I love Peet's coffee. It's a little strong for me, so I don't use wuite as much as recommended, but it has a great flavor, isn't at all bitter or burnt tasting as some other big brands can be. I'll stick with Peet's."
279,I ordered two bags. I ordered Whole Bean and I was sent ground coffee.  Disappointed and probably won't order again.  The other bag was correct as Whole Bean.
280,"It's Peet's, the best coffee on the planet, what more can I say?  If you've never had this brand, you should try it, because you'll never turn back!"
281,Have always loved the flavor Peet's Coffee French Dark / or Medium  Roast. Fast shipping and well packed.So happy to be able to sip my morning coffee.
282,"Great coffee, my morning doesn't start without this coffee. Why waste money to stop by starbucks while you can have your home made Starbucks at home. Brew your coffee and start your day. Great taste and aroma. Highly recommend this coffee."
283,This product was delivered with a best by date of the day after delivery. This coffee was roasted and packed 3 months ago???
284,"I have been looking for stronger coffee without the acidity and I must say this one nails it! It is not the most aromatic coffee scented product though if you care about that.  Overall, it tastes good and one cup keeps me going all day."
285,"I've been drinking Peet's Major Dickason's coffee for years.  So why am I giving it two stars?  I received it on the same day as it's ""best buy"" date.  I was glad when I bought it at a reduced price.  Now I see WHY the price was reduced. I really love and recommend this coffee but not Amazon's selling of it."
286,Rather hard to find in a supermarket.  I giftedthis to a family member living in a rural area.Great quality!
287,"My favorite brand and flavor. I love the ground and for the size, the cost is worth it as opposed to purchasing in store. Excellent buy and i drink a lot of coffee."
288,This is a delicious full bodied coffee. Drinking this you would never guess it is decaf. I am truly pleased
289,My husband just opened this morning. Bugs in the coffee. He had already thrown out. Will not buy online again
290,My very favorite by far...whenever I brew it for guests they are hooked too!Very rich with absolutely no bitterness.
291,"My favorite dark roast coffee. I subscribed to receive it monthly, and it’s been a year probably. This coffee has rich flavor. And I drink it all year long."
292,"The coffee is great. I am using it for cold brew and it comes out smooth. However, the package feel apart and is not suitable to store the coffee after it has been opened. I would give it 5 stars if the packaging was sufficient to keep the coffee fresh between batches."
293,I love Peets Major Dickason coffee. Amazon provides a convenient way to get it.  My only objection is the price...compared to other retailers.
294,"I'm not a coffee snob. I totally like stuff I can get at the market. But I've been noticing certain coffee brands are killing my stomach. I'm old, okay? You'll get there, too. Anyway, I tried this brand just to try it. Not bad. It has an extra smoked flavor to it. Maybe that's the wrong word, but that's the way I'm gonna describe it, thank you."
295,"I’m picky about my coffee 😊! It must be smooth to the tongue, deep flavored, and have a come hither aroma. Peet’s Coffee, dark roast, Major Dickason’s Blend, meets all my criteria."
296,I never had to use decaf before . This is the best coffee. Not bitter at all and no weird taste. I will buy again.
297,This is our favorite coffee and was pleased to see it on Amazon.  It is a rich dark roast that is not bitter as some of the dark roasts are.  I recommend this to coffee lovers.
298,"Great coffee. tiny bag. 12 ounces of coffee, barely worth the trouble of opening a bag for 20 shots of espresso.  Do they ship it by the KiloGram ?"
299,"What the hell is shearness? Lol... Peet's coffee is some of the best that you can get... I would probably not order online again however. My coffee showed up with a hole in the bag, leaking grounds."
300,This is definitely NOT a dark roast coffee!  I will never buy another Peet's Coffee product again.  I DO NOT recommend.
301,"I remember Peet's from when I was a graduate student at Berkeley, their original store was a few minutes away.  Haven grown up in the mid-west, I had never really had any coffee that wasn't' pre-ground in a can.Still my favorite after some 40+ years.  A great deal purchasing the larder 20oz from Amazon that the 12oz from the grocery store."
302,My pack was manufactured 5 weeks back. It'll be good for another 7 weeks. No problem with the freshness. The blend has always been my favorite and this is a great deal! The 10.5oz pack comes for 10 bucks and this one is for 13...can't ask for a better deal!
303,Good coffee but can’t afford to buy it constantly
304,"We had Pete's coffee while on vacation on year, and liked it so much, that I keep buying it again and trying new flavors. I keep coming back to this one, great in a basic home brewer."
305,Delicious coffee! I wish Peet’s actual stores would come out East. I’m from California and miss this coffee shop. Unbeatable value for the price since it’s the larger bag size. Give it a try!
306,"I'm Brazilian and I've tried a lot of other ""Brazilian Coffee"", but this is THE ONE! It is so smooth and flavorful."
307,"It's better than the free coffee my apartment complex hands out.  But it's definitely far from what I would call ""good"" coffee."
308,Bought this as a gift.Recipient really likes this product.He likes his coffee a little strong and this has a good flavor.
309,Bought as gift for parents. Thrilled to find it here.
310,Love the coffee brand.. Use by ( best by date) was six days before delivery. Near dating bad enough-- no excuse for shipping after expiration date.
311,This coffee is very rich in flavor and aroma. Whenever I serve it to friends they always ask what kind of coffee it is and say it’s delicious. The only brand I get for myself. Once you’ve tasted it you won’t enjoy another brand.
312,I love this coffee!  Far superior to Starbucks or any other brand!  Very good value for the money
313,"I get this coffee on subscribe and save every month. It’s my favorite coffee and I love that amazon sells the big bag! My coffee always comes before the “freshest by” date, and it tells you when it was roasted."
314,"Peet's Major Dickason Blend puts many other coffees to shame, especially coffees that can be purchased in a store. I enjoy strong, flavorful coffee, and this delivers. I actively recommend this blend to others."
315,I freaking love this coffee. Its my favorite.If you like darker flavored coffee this is for you.I drink my coffee black and love this stuff.
316,"If you like dark roasts, give this a try. Deep and rich, it isn't (to my taste) plagued with the nasty bitterness and harshness of some darks. Bitter, yes - but such lovely bitter! This is one of my favorite coffees."
317,Great coffee...just fabulous flavor!  Product must be shipped fresher......mine goes out of date in 3 weeks
318,"Some of the Peet's coffee's are a little too dark and acidic for me but not this one and this one is also completely different from any other coffee I have tried. It is so unique and absolutely delicious. Give it a try, you won't regret it."
319,It’s us so rich and full . I have recommend it to all my coffee lover friends
320,"This has become my favorite coffee. The description says Tropical fruit as a flavor, that scared me when I saw it (I must have missed that when I originally ordered), but there is no ""Tropical Fruit"" flavor to this coffee, just a really good medium roast coffee that is really, really good."
321,My sister loves this coffee. I don't drink coffee but got it for her visit and she took it home with her.
322,"Best coffee I've ever found. Rich and flavorful. I'm a big fan of Columbia, which was hard to get at the store. It's great to have the availability to always buy it at Amazon."
323,"Good coffee, poor customer relations. This coffee is not worth $1.07 per ounce. I will buy again when the price is commensurate to quality and market pricing"
324,"Peet’s is the best coffee we make at the house.  We make coffee every morning, and use all kinds of different brands and roasts including higher-end locally roasted beans.  Every time we go back to Peet’s, I am blown away at how good it is."
325,Delicious coffee and the whole house smells heavenly when I grind it.  I especially love it cold-brewed.
326,Amazing coffee! Dark way better less bitter than Starbucks! Purchased at beginning of Covid shutdown as important as Tp!
327,"Yum, my family loves dark roast coffee that  is bold and bright and rich enough to add cream and sweetener. Thanks Amazon for the incredibly low price compared to the grocery store. This coffee was sent to all my five kids for their Christmas treat, free Prime ship and low price for me and great morning java for my kids!  This brand retails for $8 in most stores."
328,My mom loves Peet’s coffee over every kind out there. The price on here beat out her local stores as well as mine.  Completely satisfied with this purchase
329,This is better than Miss olesons good to the last drop. you will want to hide this coffee for yourself. Thanks Carl.
330,My favorite dark roast decaf coffee. Very hard to find a dark roast decaf so I really appreciate Peet's.
331,"We love this coffee but the packaging is terrible.  The coffee bag was busted in the envelope they shipped in, thanks alot..."
332,So I've had this coffee in the past and all ways enjoyed it. So I ordered some. I received it and looked at the best by date and it was already past due. If it was whole beans I would not have thought anything of it but unfortunately it was pregrounded coffee. Was very irritated by this but it was the only coffee in the house. So I tried it. Tasted good. Almost like I remember but still. Why would you send me a bag of ground coffee that is past the freshest by date???????????????
333,"Label as ""dark roast"" I expected it to be tad stronger than what it actually is.  But, it's very well balanced and has a smooth finish.  Can be considered your daily grind."
334,"If you like a bold flavor, this is the one for you. I hate having to use more coffee, to get a strong brew. This one is perfect."
335,Stumbled on this type of coffee and really like its flavor and smoothness.
336,Great tasting coffee at a reasonable price.  I'll be buying it again.
337,"Peet's organic is one of my favorite coffees, glad Amazon carries it."
338,It is high quality coffee for the money.
339,"This is really a great tasting coffee, black or with creamer. I used to drink Starbucks French roast and Joes coffee but after trying Pete’s major Dickinson’s and dark Colombian I’m sold. And it comes with only a few days of being packaged according to the package."
340,It is dark but not bitter and the quality is always consistent. It is fresh and good value for the money.
341,"I love Peet’s coffee! The vendor sent ground coffee, I wanted WHOLE BEANS. THE PICTURE IN YOUR THE SATISFACTION SURVEY IS WHOLE BEANS."
342,Major Dickerson's is my favorite coffee but I never knew they had decaf until I went on Amazon and found it. It is excellent! Great taste!
343,they shipped me a new bag but the expiration date is in 2 weeks find another brand
344,It’s a Peet’s blend I like although I don’t like the current company. It’s not as good as it was when it really was Peet’s in 1966.
345,A little bitter
346,"Great for regular use. It is not as strong as I would prefer, but that would be a personal preference. For an every cup strength I think this is a perfect blend. But the ground size is not so fine for espresso, so SMALL TRICK here: I use the dual layer espresso filters :) works perfectly to have stronger shots. Keep that in mind"
347,"Wow, this was about the best pre-ground coffee we have ever tasted. Definitely worth every penny and am planning to order more later today. Absolutely the freshest flavor imaginable."
348,"Everything was fine, except that the Peet's coffee had leaked coffee into the delivery box andapparently had been torn somehow.  I managed to scoop most of it up, so all is well.  I wouldsuggest that more care be made in packing something that comes in a paper bag.Otherwise everything was great and the coffee was salvaged."
349,"Bought in January 2020.Says ""best if enjoyed by 7/19"".  LOL.Selling essentially expired food product."
350,Best coffee on the market! Brewed through a percolator you will be hard pressed to find a better cup a joe...try it and ENJOY!
351,"I'm always on the lookout for good strong coffee. So when I was on a trip to California and had my first cup of Peets Coffee at a cafe, I decided to order some via Amazon when I got back. Major Dickason's Blend is justifiably a dark/deep roast and did not disappoint. I prefer a dark roast but if you prefer a medium roast this is still a good option (I would just use a little less grounds) but the flavor is good either way. I am giving it 4 stars because for an inexpensive coffee this is a great option. I've spent a lot more money on other coffees that did not have the taste or quality that Peets Coffee has."
352,Will reorder today.
353,"I LOVE Peet’s coffee!!  However, delivery guys need to STOP lying and saying they handed items to recipient!  I was out of town!"
354,I need to drink decaf for medical reasons. Peet’s is the best. I bought some Starbucks before Peet’s and threw it away . It was horrible.
355,Have bought this for some time but no longer because of recent price increase.
356,"I love this coffee, but recent Amazon pricing has gone up more than 40%. I found Starbucks Decaf Verona a lot cheaper with a web search. I like this coffee just as much at 60% the cost."
357,arrived in a squashed box avtptal mess this is embarrassing to get this for what we pay for it. sending it back and canceling this all together.
358,I liked this coffee. Tastes great. Good value for the money. I like shopping around and buying from other businesses besides all the ones sold at Walmart.
359,Wife and I both like the Mellow flavor of the Big Bang and will continue to purchase.
360,Ordered August 27.  Expired Sept. 9.  Limited shelf life.
361,This coffee had a much better taste that the coffee I had been using.
362,"This Peet's blend does not match the quality of other Peet's products.  There was a dusty/musty quality to the coffee.  I did use it, but only after I blended in another coffee so the off-notes were not so strong."
363,"I like very rich, dark coffee. I have been drinking this for 20 years. Never disappoints. Not bitter, but full-bodied and strong."
364,"I really enjoy brewing this Peet's coffee in the morning, definitely recommend!"
365,I bought this for a friend in Scotland who was missing a taste of America and he loves it… I cannot comment personally as this is not my brand
366,roasted more than a year ago !!
367,Love this coffee.  It’s hard to find where I live so glad to be able to order on Amazon.  Price is pretty good too.
368,Coffee was already 2 weeks beyond its sell-by date when delivered.
369,Best coffee ever . I love this coffee and just can’t switch to anything else.
370,A slight bitter taste that quite good.
371,Makes my body feel weird after drinking it and doesn’t taste the best. I expected better quality. Disappointed.
372,"I've heard a lot of good things about Peet's, but it tastes burnt to me."
373,Coffee lovers go to daily coffee at a great price delivered to your door.  Ultimate comfort drink while in quarantine.
374,I made a mistake and  thought I was ordering whole beans. I went ahead and kept the coffee and I'm using it currently.
375,"That's my jam, right there. When not on sale at my local grocer, I come here to order. Always fresh too."
376,I drink coffee how its supposed to be drank. Black. This is the greatest/best coffed Ive ever tasted. Period.
377,"Why did I get this when I clicked to refill my Peet's Minas Naturais?  This tastes tasteless.  I took a sip and for the first time looked at this new bag of coffee I just opened and realized I'd been guided to order Medium Roast instead of what I wanted.  Is this supposed to be the same thing, renamed?  What is this sock water?"
378,Used to work at Pete's in the Bay Area. Fantastic Coffee.
379,This is my favorite of all coffee! Love the flavor.
380,It is very strong for a decaf and has a bold flavor. A little pricey for a small bag but does make a good cup of coffee.
381,I like this coffee it is strong but not bitter or acidic. I put it on my subscribe and save because it is kind of expensive.
382,Ordered two 20oz Peet's Major Dickason's Blend; received two Peet's French Roast Blend that expired two months ago.
383,Great flavor coffee. I enjoy this blend very much.
384,"Not a connoisseur, just a regular person who likes coffee. I've tried many brands over the past few years, from Amazon and from the local grocery store, and this  is my go to now."
385,This coffee is amazing. I would get one more of these but ease give me an unexpired one next time!!
386,My mother told me about this coffee after seeing it on America's Test Kitchen (not Major Dickenson's but another of Pete's flavors). After trying a few flavors from Publix I decided they are all pretty good but this is my favorite. All the richness of Starbucks coffee with none of the over-roasted bitterness. For me it's cheaper here than at the local grocer.
387,"I am a Peet’s coffee fan. I just receive the coffee from the deliver, and I was so excited to going to make a fresh coffee. However, I pissed off after knowing it will be expired. See the picture I uploaded. I definitely return it."
388,"Excellent coffee, just perfect.  I love this dark roast that it is not bitter"
389,I am in love with the major Dickinson's blend by Peet's coffee. It's my favorite coffee by far. This is the best value that I could find anywhere.
390,I love this particular flavor of Peet’s. It seems harder to find than the other flavors but Amazon always pulls through.
391,Always delicious full body flavor a little goes a long way. add this to some hazelnut creamer for perfect coffee and my opinion! 👍
392,Peet's coffee is delightful; the delivery people lack proper delivery skills. See injured bag 😥.
393,Usually drink Dunkin Donuts coffee but purchased Peet's during a sale and have to say the flavor was great and it was very fresh and an excellent value for the money spent.
394,"I didn’t read previous reviews, my bad. The coffee went out of date within 5 days of receipt."
395,I am a coffee lover. This quality and flavor is great!
396,"Unbelievable, 3 months past the ""freshest by"" date (7/17/19) and 6 months past the ""roasted"" date (4/18/19). Haven't opened it yet so I don't have a flavor rating. Very disappointed that its this far out of date."
397,It's cheaper than those from supermarket. Date is fresh too. I'm very happy!
398,Love the flavor is not very intense but strong enough for a good cup of coffee and the aroma is incredible it usually wakes me up.
399,I love Peets but this bag seemed old  not a fresh flavor
400,"I grind my own, this is ground much more finely. I was surprised by that, but I love the coffee. It seems impossible to make a bad pot, and I'll be looking to subscribe for regular deliveries. It is a very roasty coffee, but smooth enough to drink often. It is great black, but the strong flavor still pairs well with cream, creamer, sugar, et al.If nothing else, it is of good quality, and is something to try if you're not sure what coffee you love. Like a well made cigar, any cigar lover will still appreciate it, this coffee is very generally appealing."
401,Coffee was old > roasted two months ago!
402,Might be the best coffee I have ever had.  Excellent flavor and aroma.  Been buying it for gifts too.  And yes it did go up in price!!
403,Better than more expensive brands we’ve tried! Very smooth!
404,"I'm from the West Coast living in NYC and can't find Peets out here. I was so happy to see I could order it. Good as I remember. Rich, full bodied and just a great cup of coffee"
405,"Great coffee, but these arrived most of the way through their short shelf life, so subscribing to a monthly batch of these would mean a very old grind half the time.  I guess people who care more grind their own beans, but even for my low-end palette, I try to keep myself within the ""use by"" date, and a monthly delivery of a three-week-old grind isn't a good deal. I'll keep stocking up locally."
406,Pete’s big bang coffee is my favorite.  I especially like it with my coffee press. Not too strong not too weak. Just perfect.
407,"It's just a good cup of coffee.  I have NO idea what ""sheerness"" is.  |-8"
408,"We ordered in mid-August. Product was roasted in January, and the ""best buy"" date was April.The coffee is vacuum-packed and tastes fine. I  would prefer that the product arrive before its ""best buy"" date has expired."
409,I experienced Pete’s coffee when I lived in California and had it all the time but living in Florida I can’t find it.It’s delicious
410,Was looking for a coffee to replace my Peaberry Doka Estates Coffee for it is pretty expensive to drink everyday. Can definitely say this will not be it.. much prefer the Death Wish Valhalla Java over any Peet’s I’ve tried so far and for the same price I think I’ll stick with my death wish.
411,Over several decades working and living in tropical countries I've been privileged to have enjoyed some of the world's premiere coffee from local producers. Peet's Coffee is the only coffee I drink. I suggest to try them all until you get one or two favorites. I've put Major Dickason's on my favorite list and add this Peetnick Pack to my order to get the free shipping. Peet's has a superior program benefiting local coffee producers especially women heads of households coffee and local coffee co-operatives.
412,Soooo not happy with this.  The coffee was roasted on Jan 16 2020 it wIs now March 24. It’s over two months old. Not the fresh it claims.  And to boot the bag was NO longer sealed.
413,"How can I drink a bag of 20oz coffee in two weeks? I do love peets so I won't return it, but really disappointed with the date."
414,Peet’s is by far the best tasting coffee available!! Price was good.
415,Good coffee. I actually drink decaf and thought it was decaf. My mistake. But since I mix decaf with leaded it worked out fine.
416,The coffee has expired.
417,This coffee is perfect to use in a French press! Great flavor and good quality for price!
418,"I like this coffee and buy it often.  Be careful when ordering.  I expected this to be two 20 oz bags, but they are half that size and I did not see any size in the description.  I have purchased previously and they WERE 20 oz each."
419,"Peet’s dark French roast is my favorite coffee, and I was trying to save money, but I do not recommend buying it from Amazon. The beans tasted very stale and were not nearly as good as the more expensive ones from my nearby grocery store. Maybe some coffee drinkers wouldn’t care or notice, but to me it was very obvious (as others have mentioned, also). I will not make that mistake again."
420,Being from the Bay Area I've always loved Peet's coffee. This particular blend is rich and satisfying. It definitely gets my day off to a good start. We can't buy it locally now that I'm living in New Mexico so I'm pleased that Amazon offers it.
421,"Good taste for coffee and good price. I do not like acidic tasting coffee, and this coffee does not taste acidic while giving a good flavor. Whole bean so you can grind the beans yourself!"
422,"LOVE this coffee. Not bitter, full body, just enough caffeine!"
423,My husband loves using this coffee in his french press. Excellently priced though Amazon in comparison to our grocery store.
424,"I generally like Peet's coffee, but lately whatever coffee I order through amazon, it comes with a use by date within next 2/3 weeks and the coffee is brewed months ago. What I am supposed to do ? Gulp down 10 mugs a day ? Pathetic !! Bought it on 12th july with Freshest by date of 27th july and the beans were brewed on 28th April !!"
425,I enjoy good strong coffee... I drink this every morning and enjoy it ! What more is there?
426,"I like getting a regular supply of my favorite coffee. Good price and convenient.  Definitely a win! Amended: this last package was past the ""best used by"" date.  I kept it  - and the seller needs to pull  outdated product."
427,I really like this coffee. It’s a great buy. I recommend. The second time I bought this coffee it was out dated. I won't buy again.
428,"Our favorite coffee blend of Central and South American beans.  Full bodied, dark & especially good as espresso. A natural slightly sweet accent with points of lite nutty, smoky chocolate"
429,"Come on, 53 days ago?  This is unacceptable.  Auto-ship cancelled."
430,I love Coffee and this is my favorite brand - highly recommended!
431,Will be ordering more for sure. I actually don't mind the pre ground coffee. It's a lot more convenient and doesn't affect freshness if I keep it frozen.
432,Peet’s coffee is rich and flavorful.
433,"Came expired. Do not buy, better off getting from target or Peet’s directly"
434,"The coffee and price are great. The bagged coffee was placed in a shipping envelope which was smashed in transit. Coffee was intact, but if the Peet's bag leaked it would have been messy. 5-star coffee minus 1 star for shipping."
435,This has become my all time favorite coffee. Such a rich and powerful taste.
436,"Fresh, bold flavor.  Sometimes my local store is sold out so I started ordering online through subscription.  Now I never run out and I'm saving 3 to 4 bucks a bag. Love it!"
437,1 package of coffee was delivered punctured and there was coffee grounds covering my other items in the order. I had to throw away the damaged package.
438,"Old package received this month.  Two months since ""roasted""  One month till it is past the ""Best by"" date.  Give a monthly subscription, fresher coffee would be better"
439,Best value for ground and whole bean! This is my husbands must have coffee!
