,Review_text
0,"So here is the run down. Me and my fiancee are parents to a special needs kiddo who has multiple doctors and therapies... Along with she just is a clingy kid. Also fiancee works 7 days a week between 10-16 hour days. Myself between kiddo, my aqurium hobby, cats and dogs plus taking care of a 61 one year old with  dementia...we need a lot of caffiene and we need it to be tasty. So we started out with death wish coffee. Pretty good...but pricey. Cue us searching amazon. Found this stuff. So we order the name made me giggle...im like 5 and was in the death industry before my daughter. So we get it.. Its 11 pm. Im exhausted realizing i gotta go pick up the poor fool who has picked the worst mate in life. So i make a huge thermas full...30 oz...at this point im hoping to see sounds. But im banking on just not wrecking my car. So taste is pretty good. It kept me awake for what i needed. Got the fiancee. Came home and tried to sleep..caught a cat nap..and then it was over. Finished up my cup and lasted from 12:30 am until 4 am the following day. So thats close to 26ish hours. So ill say its worth it. Plus its great for sneaking fireball into it when your just at the end of your rope."
1,"So I brewed a pot, had a cup, flavor was great, thoroughly enjoyed it, got a second cup not really feeling the caffeine, midway through 2nd cup, caffeine kicked in...wow, ok I’m a regular coffee drinker and yes I like the extra caffeine once in a while, this had me as they say “bouncing off the walls” just what I needed when I needed it. Will definitely recommend!"
2,"I was a fan of the Dead Man's Reach for the extra caffeine.  I am a fan of the Three Peckered Billy Goat for the taste.  With the Double Dead I get them both, taste great and has that extra kick that I just need some days.  Not saying the Dead Man's taste bad, just not as good."
3,"Oh boy! This packs a punch.  I've been making this coffee in my french press. Wowza it is intense coffee. I can't get through a full cup,  but my husband can. I usually add a shot to my regular coffee which gives me the boost I need. My neighbor recommended this to us,  and we were not disappointed. There aren't direction on the package,  but I have been doing 1 tablespoon per 8oz, again, in my french press. This seems to work for us. Anyways,  we like :)"
4,Ravens brew has been a favorite through multiple moves around the cohntry.  Great flavor and now stronger than ever.
5,WOW!!! They really mean it. This is so good and strong
6,"I had this coffee for the first time working in Bethel AK. It's a great tasting coffee, strong but not bitter. I'm glad I will be able keep this in my coffee cup all the way back in TX."
7,Awesome coffee! Best we  ever had. I suggest you try it!
8,"Super strong, great taste"
9,I really like this! It’s great for curbing appetite. Im trying intermittent fasting and this helps ALOT. Tastes great and keeps me awake all day. I recommend cold brew then save in mason jars for the week :)
10,Definitely will perk you up. No bitterness whatsoever. Really good coffee.
11,Strong coffee nice and favorite able
12,it is double!
13,Absolutely love it
14,I love this coffee. No bitterness. Quick delivery too.
15,Love!!!!
16,Fantastic coffee! Love it!
17,Very tasty
18,Great stuff!!!!!
19,Tasted old
