,Review_text
0,"Looking for an affordable alternative to some of the more expensive brands, this is not it.  Owned by Starbucks corporation, this must be the bottom of the barrel of their coffee supply.  Aroma is good, but the flavor is very bitter.  I recommend Amazon's dark roast blend in this price range."
1,Whoa!!!! Seattle is known the world over for it's coffee and this is proof!!! Never ever had a better tasting organic coffee. The price point is crazy good too!!!I won't buy anything else ever again. I buy 4 at a time now.✅✅✅✅✅✅
2,"Love this coffee! For some reason, I can no longer find it some of my grocery stores, so I ordered online.  Not only consistently fresh but also good price, so I set up a subscription.  Makes the first cup of coffee in the morning something to look forward to!"
3,I need organic coffee or I get sick. This is quality organic coffee at a decent price!
4,I was out of coffee and ordered this dark roast coffee. It has a smooth and pleasant dark roast flavor. I will be buying again.
5,"Ok. I bought this obviously because of the price....wanting an Organic dark roast similar in taste to Neuman’s Own at a more affordable price. I always buy already ground and use a single drip maker. This coffee has a very strong, almost burnt smell to it...and appears to be ground super fine...which is obvious after making a cup and finding hardly any wet grounds of coffee in the filter and when I toss it in the sink, usually my sink strainer drain holder picks up quite a lot of used coffee for the compost. With this coffee there is almost no leftover!? Weird. One reviewer described it as the bottom of the barrel......Now I see what they mean. Plus...I recently discovered a liking for Dark Roast coffee but the few other brands I have tried have been tasty and this one is really not..It is strong and not very pleasant. I will not buy this  brand again."
6,"Upon first opening the bag, this coffee smells *fabulous*There are a bunch of reviews noting that the vanilla flavor was very understated or even absent in the coffee itself. I did not find that to be the case at all. I made a cold-brew batch using my regular ratio coffee/water as soon as I got it. It only had a short steep time (12 hours) and was completely decadent to drink. Nice solid, but not overpowering, vanilla flavor. Was as rich as my coffee usually turns out. The hot coffee I've made with this is the same-a delicious vanilla flavor that doesn't overpower the coffee. I use my usual ratios and am extremely pleased with the strength and taste of this. Will definitely be ordering againHave I mentioned it also smells like heaven?"
7,I am a fan of dark roast coffees and when I tried Seattles Best 6th Street Bistro I immediately loved it.  Prior to switching I was drinking mostly French roast.  This is less bitter but still has a great robust flavor.
8,I ordered the very vanilla because we have had it before and it is delicious but I received whole bean medium roast. I don’t even have a coffee grinder so the coffee is useless to me.
9,"I love a full flavor, dark roast coffee and this one doesn't disappoint.  It's a more finely ground coffee than most others and also much darker with a wonderful aroma.  I've found that some coffees state that they're dark roast, but then after I open it the can I see that it looks and smells like every other coffee.  This one looks and smells like dark roast."
10,"I received Portside instead of Very Vanilla today and had to call in to get my refund. Another customer reported this in November and apparently it hasn’t been fixed. The barcode sticker on the bottom of the bag doesn’t match with the product, so orders aren’t being properly fulfilled."
11,The product received was not ground vanilla but rather whole bean Portside Blend. The Amazon identification tag says very vanilla but clearly not correct. See photograph. Disappointed.
12,I’ve ordered this twice now and gotten a different Seattle’s Best product. “Portside Blend - Whole Bean Medium Roast” is what is delivered instead of the Organic Dark Roast Coffee. Very upsetting because this became my favorite when I ordered it for the first time a few weeks ago.
13,"THE BEST VANILLA in a rich, full-bodied coffee!!!  Absolutely delicious.  Most vanilla-flavored coffees use a weak, light-bodied coffee so they can get away with using minimal vanilla flavor.  The result is a weak, watery brew with low kick which is NOT what I like.  Seattle's Best may just be 1 of the best coffees I have ever drank for a great price. It's rich, complex, mildly sweet + oh so smooth with a enough bold vanilla taste for all vanilla lovers to savor.  If u like rich, complex coffees like Starbuck's + Peet's, u will absolutely LOVE this.  I can't stop drinking it, it's that good."
14,I have ordered this product twice. Both times I have received Seattles Best Portside Blend whole been coffee. The scanning label says Very Vanilla. The product has the incorrect scanning label on it.
15,I love this coffee. Too bad Amazon sent the WRONG product. TWICE. Had to get my coffee thru Wal-Mart.
16,"I have been a coffee fanatic for 50+ years! Love when I open coffee to a heavenly aroma.  The 6th Avenue blend was just that.  First pot great...second pot a little bitter, however, I may have added too much java.  As to what a reviewer mentioned above,  yes, I recently discovered Amazon coffee and the 365 blends are fantastic too. All at least 2/3 thirds less in cost than Starbucks. I grew up with only 3 main coffee brands  (yes 3!)....well known in grocery stores.... none have that wonderful smell when opened.  Spoiled kids today!😷 I'm lucky still alive to enjoy the choices!💓☕🍩"
17,"I've been using this coffee for many months, subscribed for it as it was the cheapest option. And it tastes nice and bold and no side effects noticeable like you get from some non organic blends, wierd jitters from toxins, and the price stays affordable. Hope it will stay so as this is the best deal on the market from what i can tell. If you know a better option. Please comment on it. Otherwise I recommend those who are on keto and watching eating only organic that this one is a good option."
18,"I've been a morning coffee drinker for 40 yrs., tried all kinds of brands and nothing like this has ever happened to me.  Felt like I had some chemical or food poisoning.  Although I didn't feel ill, I was not able to leave the house as things were literally pouring out of ""places"" like water. Sorry for the TMI.Each day the ""issue"" got worse to the point I thought I could have a serious medical problem & should go to ER.  On the 5th day I made the coffee connection and stopped drinking it immediately!  The ""issue"" began clearing up by the next day.Had I known Starbucks owned this company I would not have bought it to begin with.  Can't imagine where they are buying the coffee beans and what chemicals they are processed with, for this low end coffee."
19,"The coffee is great. I love it and think it has exceptionally smooth rich flavor with no bitterness at all. I gave it the highest rating because the quality of this coffee will easily stack up against the best coffees from boutiques, but with a very low price. What's not to like?Under the review it says ""Rate features"" and one feature says sheerness; I have no clue what that is supposed to mean. Amazon can really be very stupid sometimes and this is one of them. Whoever wrote that would probably fail technical writing class. LoL Nonetheless, I rated this coffee the highest rating in all the categories."
20,"As with just about every military man I have known in my life , I love coffee !I do not like coffee that is watered down or that is so weak that you can see light through it , if it's in a glass.Good coffee is black as tar !If you like a bold and flavorful cup of coffee then you'll like this.It is bold and flavorful without being even slightly bitter , and you won't have to add a bunch of extra grounds to the pot when you brew it to get that bold taste.The taste of this coffee is very similar to Sumatra bean coffee , which I also love.I highly recommend giving this a try if you like dark and bold tasting coffee."
21,"Wow! This coffee is so delicious! Smooth, robust and not bitter. No ugliness or burnt flavor. My new favorite! I haven't had anything this good since Torrefazione’s Palermo blend, which wasn't organic and now VERY hard to find, if at all. Maybe since Seattle’s Best bought Torrefazione, then Starbucks bought Seattle’s Best, they left Palermo blend alone and roasted it fromOrganic. (I’ll pretend that’s it). So worth the price!"
22,"I discovered Seattle's Best aboard an Alaskan cruise 15 years ago. It took awhile for it to come to popularity in my state, but since then, it has been the only coffee I buy and serve to guests. Now that I can't find it in the stores anymore, I thank Amazon for carrying it. Great taste, smooth, and full-bodied - especially the dark roasts."
23,"Never had it before, bought to have something when my new coffee maker arrived. Not bad!"
24,"I read a lot of reviews before I buy anything, sometimes too many reviews… my coffee tastes have grown throughout the years but believe me, by no means am I a coffee snob or an award winning taster. I can’t tell what country a coffee bean is from by looking at it from across the room, and I can’t smell the subtle nuances of lightly roasted caramel, to a hint of strawberry from a small village in Guatemala, like some people can. I do know the difference though, between cheap crappy coffee, and a really good cup. So if you are looking for good coffee that doesn’t taste like liquid cardboard, Seattle’s B est is for you. The smell is amazing when you open the bag, it has a premium taste to it and you’ll love it if you just want good coffee and aren’t a national champion critic. The price is amazing for the coffee you get! Enjoy."
25,"I generally try to purchase whole bean coffee as often as possible but I saw this on sale and wanted to try it. While I'm no coffee expert by any means; I've tried this coffee in my french press and my drip coffee maker, and it came out flavorful and full-bodied each time. This coffee has a great vanilla flavor that doesn't taste artificial like some brands and isn't completely overpowering. Reheats well in the microwave and goes great as iced coffee."
26,"While it might be good value for organic coffee, I had one cup and it was as if I had mild food poisoning. I felt weak and off balance, additionally my perceptions changed and the world seemed exceptionally depressing (i.e. more than usual with its Covid, hate groups, etc.).  At $4.48 a bag, I would have purchased again because at that price point the flavor is entirely acceptable."
27,Was a great value BUT Amazon almost DOUBLED the cost of this product after first order. I think they get you in with the price of $4.48 and then when you re-order it's almost $8!!!!!!! Will not buy again till price goes down. I can pay less in my local grocery.
28,"I really wanted to like this. Reasons being was I’m trying to find an affordable organic coffee option, and this is affordable and organic. I knew it was a gamble from reviews, and the fact I prefer light to medium roasts. I got it, and it just smelled burnt to me. Brewed it, and even with creamer and such it was so bitter. Sadly, not a win in my book. I have been mixing it with my other coffee so it doesn’t go to waste."
29,I'm a fan of Seattle's best. When the price is right on amazon its worth it. You do have to watch the price compared to local stores. not always a deal.
30,"Whenever I think of Seattle's Best, I think of high quality great tasting coffee. However, this is one of their less better tasting flavors. I find the vanilla taste to be very artificially flavored and not natural. I think I'm going to stick with regular flavored coffee with vanilla creamer from now on. Don't get me wrong, it's ok but its not great. To each it's own."
31,"Hmmmmmm......... 6th Avenue Bistro.... sounds like a nice place to sit and sip your morning brew..... but something is amiss... the place is empty....  FREAKIN EMPTY!!!  Not because of covid. Not because of smoke and ash from wildfire. But because the coffee SUCKS!!!!!! My wife asked me what I put in the coffee pot. Was this some sort of diet product? designed to make you vomit? She thinks it is not even coffee, but some other plant product. maybe charred sawdust? No, I think it tastes akin to... hmm...OK, imagine if you take some monkey feces, not from a healthy monkey, mind you, but one with hoof and mouth disease. Now gently roast these diseased feces to the perfect french roast, grind and brew. I gave it 2 stars overall because I am not a complainer. What is sheerness anyway??"
32,"It's alright, but tastes rather stale. Post Alley had much better flavor, one of the best I've tasted in fact. I definitely recommend that one if you are looking for a dark roast."
33,"First off, I drink A LOT of coffee. And even though I am from Seattle I am not a connoisseur.  But I do have some hometown pride for our coffee.  Now this stuff is inexpensive and organic which is two BIG pluses in my book especially for someone who, as I mentioned earlier, drinks a lot of the stuff. The taste is fine.  I will admit it’s not 5 stars as it can be a little cardboardy at times but it’s good all around drinking coffee so I give a 4 star rating. Need to impress your guests? Not the coffee.  Want to drink lots of decent, inexpensive organic coffee?  This is the stuff."
34,"I had to get a new bag shipped because the first bag I got had already spilt due to a hole in the bag. Went all over the kitchen table and was a pain to clean. Gave the second bag to my dad as part of a gift and he was pleased with it. Gave me a cup of coffee and it was a great deep flavor. Just annoyed at the hole. If not many others had this complaint though it was probably a fluke, so take it with a grain of ground coffee."
35,"I prefer to buy organic and I only buy dark roast.  I do not like the flavor of French roast or Sumatra.  I am very picky.  The first time I bought this coffee I fell in love with it!  I do not use a coffee pot, but I pour over and I'm used to my morning coffee routine.  I even heat my organic cream and then whip it!  This is a great coffee!"
36,UPDATE: Decided to give them another shot and reordered. The coffee I received was as advertised and delicious. Just ordered two more bags and it came perfectly as advertised. Delicious bold taste!Highly recommend.Also I would like to mention that when I received the wrong product the first time they let me keep the product and refunded me my money as well.No where on the packaging does it say organic or fair trade. The image clearly says organic and fair trade.
37,"Bummed that I got this, I was searching ""whole bean coffee"" and this slipped through as a Sponsored item. I'm used to whole bean, grinding it before making it. Y'know, like a cultured fellow with a monocle. But I tried this stuff anyway and while I personally find it gross I invited may neighbor over and she like it so I gave her both bags of this and the 2 bags of toasted hazlenut I also accidentally bought while searching for whole bean.Can't really fault the product for how ad algorithms work and my neighbor is happy with em so 4* all around."
38,"It's organic coffee for $4.50 per bag. I rated it 5 🌟 because of its value to cost. Is it actually 5 🌟 coffee? No. It's not, but it's actually pretty good for a dark roast.Don't buy this thinking you'll get some gourmet Costa Rican specialty coffee. You'll be disappointed. But we make this at church in a Bunn drip machine and it's great."
39,Love this coffee! It’s smooth and the perfect strength. For an organic version - its very cost effective. I’ve been searching for a while for a better coffee than what I was finding in my local grocery stores. Their selection was either twice the price or tasted like crap. I was thrilled to find this and it’s now the coffee we drink every morning.
40,Smooth dark roast without the burnt taste.  Some many dark roast coffees have burnt after taste this one is smooth and well balanced.  Also much more affordable then other brands.  I drink a lot of coffee each day so I buy 4 bags a month.  Great taste and great price.
41,"It is full bodied and balanced in flavor, close to a dark roast.  So if you like your coffee like this order away.  We use about 1.5 tablespoons per cup, the way that southern coffee aficionados do."
42,This coffee is great! For people that have sensitive tummys or gerd this coffee does not cause any upset stomach.
43,I love vanilla coffee.  I liked this and enjoyed drinking it.  I like the vanilla flavor in Folgers that I can buy locally better.  I would give this 5 stars if this coffee had a little stronger vanilla flavor.  I did enjoy the richness of the coffee itself.
44,"Full body, dark and taste is very good"
45,"The best value in organic, fair trade coffee I have found. I like a dark roast and it is dark and have some nice chocolatey notes. It's rich and not bitter. I do find the in store purchase has a fresher flavor that ordering online but the price is right and the quality is very good. I remember when Seattle's Best was Stewart Brothers and then was bought by Starbucks but the qualtiy is still consistent so I can't complain."
46,"And I love this organic one the best, it is a good strong flavor but also smooth and sweet. I mix it with Teeccino French Roast  to lessen the caffeine and I swear that is one good pot of coffee for those of you who may want to cut back too . I hate decaf coffee and the Seattle Best flavor comes through even when mixed"
47,"Whew - Seattle's Best 6th Avenue Bistro Fair Trade Organic Dark Roast Ground Coffee is not their best dark roast.Unfortunately it is quite unpleasant.Their Alley Blend (Previously Signature Blend No. 5) Dark Roast is far better, and drinkable..."
48,"This has to be the cheapest organic coffee I have found and is definitely my favorite. It's smooth with no bitterness or weird flavors. I make it in the keurig, French press and cold brew with the French press and tastes great all ways. Super yummy!"
49,"The coffee is pretty good! Nice strong aroma, dark, and saves me a lot of money on coffee making it at home. I do pour over with the grounds and it comes out great. It does take a while for the coffee to come out of the pour over though. The ground is pretty fine."
50,Seattle's Best Coffee Very Vanilla Flavored Medium Roast Ground Coffee is One of my favorite coffees. It is a medium roast with a strong vanilla taste. It is also it is selling at a comparable price with other stores. If you like Vanilla flavored coffee this is a must-try.
51,"For the price and being organic, you honestly cannot go wrong on the value of this coffee. As someone who only drinks black coffee, I love the harsher taste. It all depends on how you like your coffee. If you like it straight black without any creamer or sugar, this coffee is for you."
52,"This coffee was fresh, came tightly sealed and delivered within a few days.  It cost less on Amazon than in the store.  I purchased a coffee stay fresh canister from Amazon and store my ground coffee.  I have purchased this item a couple times and will continue to do so."
53,I use this coffee as a pour over and it is super dark roast and tasty.  The rich dark flavor is a bonus and you just need to take the time to do a pour over and it will give you the dark roast coffee flavor that you seek. I'm  a coffee snob so this is a good economical pour over dark roast worth a try.
54,Still my favorite coffee. Would appear they have fixed the mislabling experienced earlier. I'll be ordering it yet gain.
55,"fast became my favorite coffee.  I drink this every day twice a day.  It's got a great flavor, bold, flavorful and makes a great cup of coffee.  I like my coffee blended in the morning so I use almond milk and throw it in the blender."
56,"I am a huge fan of this blend, there was an immediate connection and I'm glad I found it. For a 12oz bag @ $4.50 give it a try; that's basically how much a latte costs these days. And if you're not a fan give it to a friend."
57,"I enjoyed this coffee a lot the first time I had it so I ordered another bag. Unfortunately I got just standard coffee, not only that but it was beans and I don't have a grinder anymore. I didn't bother to return a single bag of coffee but it was disappointing.Just a standard retail mistake though, not the packer's fault. When it was tagged they put the incorrect label on the standard coffee beans. I'm sure the mistake was cleared up and the actual vanilla coffee was really good."
58,This is my 2nd favorite brand of coffee & is what I buy when there's no McCafe available. People that complain about it being bitter don't realize that sprinkling a little salt on top before brewing takes the bitterness away.
59,Really enjoyed the Seattle's Best grounded coffee.  Has worked great for our drip coffee maker and the flavor is much better than other coffees that we have tried.  Very good value when considering the price also.  Will definitely order again.
60,Arrived with the seal altered. It appears to have the end cut off and the usual tape folded back. I don’t know if it is just “seconds” or was altered for some other reason. I bought 4 and all 4 were altered the same way. Refund was issued though.
61,"Hard to find organic coffee for under $5 per 12 oz even at discount supermarkets like Aldi.  For the price, this coffee tastes pretty good, much better than their Portside Blend medium roast which was just rancid.  Proper dark roast, nice aroma, and organic to boot.  For daily coffee drinkers organic coffee is probably at least as important as organic milk."
62,"I can say this isn't my favorite coffee. I like a dark roast. And a stronger flavor. But this just overpowered my creamer, and left a bad taste in my mouth. I will stick with Amazon's Donut Cafe. Better taste, and cheaper price."
63,"Excellent coffee and really stretches because you only use 1 coffee scoop per 2 cups. It's robust, organic (one of the worst offenders is regular coffee for pesticides) and the price can't be beat! One of the best tasting coffees I have ever used."
64,"I drink black and of course desire both flavor and strength with no bitterness.  This wasn't bitter, but lacked both flavor and strength no matter how much I played with it.  I tossed what was left."
65,"Even though I  am not into dark roast coffee, I thought the flavor was very good. I bought by accident and thought it was medium roast. I brewed it up and drank it and thought it was rich tasting, then checked the bag and seen it was dark."
66,Are you kidding me? How is this coffee so cheap? I opened the bag and it smelled so fresh and the flavor was bold and delicious. This is premium coffee for a great price. I’ll be buying 4 bags every time I order.
67,This is a great price for this coffee - it is about $3 less per bag than at my local Publix grocery store.  I order these from Amazon constantly.  No problem with freshness and the flavor is very good.
68,"This coffee left a bitter aftertaste. Wasn't smooth, sorta tasted powdery as though the was something added to the coffee. The price is good, but just not for my taste."
69,I wanted fair-trade coffee. This is reasonably priced and tastes good. These are all the things I want it to be.
70,"Bitter and makes my stomach hurt, which is saying something since gas station coffee doesn't do that."
71,Just moved back to OH and missed a decent cup of Seattle coffee.  Decided to pick up this roast and its really great with a splash of french vanilla.  Highly recommended!
72,I love Dark Roast and this has a very strong and smooth taste. I make it in my French Press and it comes out excellent. I wish they would have had the beans so I can grind it myself.
73,"For the price of this organic coffee, I think it's a winner.  It tastes great, is always fresh, and is a great value.  I actually prefer this over more expensive non organic grounds."
74,"Honestly I had never tried this coffee before but at that price point, I decided to give it a go. I love its richness. I use it in a refillable K-cup and the taste never disappoints. Smells heavenly too."
75,Ordered Seattle’s best Very Vainilla and received Portside whole bean coffee instead.  I love the Very Vainilla but I’m hesitant to reorder since there are several reviews that had the same issue.
76,"I really love this coffee. It has a great taste and scent. It doesn't fill the house, which is great for me. I'm not overwhelmed by the bitter or strength of the flavor. I definitely recommend this coffee."
77,"Although this is more expensive than many other brands, it has an amazing taste. I would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy high-quality coffees"
78,This coffee is stronger than what I usually drink; it is not bitter so I do like it.  Being able to order coffee online is a plus when I've forgotten to add it to my shopping list!
79,Best blend so far! So many choices. This one has a superior taste and a wake up recharge on an otherwise dreary morning. I’m a complete cafe dependency case. This one works. Thanks for the delicious brain jolt.
80,"At this price point, one of the best.  I have tried a lot of coffee and go back to this one.  You can actually taste the bean without the bitterness associated with darker blends."
81,Yummmy coffee! If you like vanilla you will LOVE this coffee. We enjoy our coffee with French vanilla flavored creamer & this was so good we only needed sweetener!
82,"Very strong flavor, good fresh aroma.  I think it will work well with decaf mixed in, as I prefer to do, should still have plenty of great coffee taste.  I've already ordered 4 more."
83,Doesn't taste like store brand colored water.
84,Tastes like the residue off the bottom of a safari truck.
85,"I received my coffee with a torn vacuum seal so it's probably stale. Brewing a cup now to see. In any case, I would appreciate a replacement."
86,I ordered the very vanilla ground bean coffee and received port side blend whole bean instead. Not worth sending back especially with what is going on right now with the virus but I may have been an elderly person and wouldn’t be able to have coffee and get out. Need to just pay attention instead of throwing in what you think is close enough. I can’t use this coffee because I do not have a grinder so it will most likely be thrown away. I do love this coffee but the correct one.
87,The product is fresh. It was a fair price. It has a rich dark flavor. It suggests one tablespoon for every six ounces.  My taste buds preferred one heaping teaspoon for every six ounces.
88,Great coffe but not at this price. You can get it at Kroger for 4.99 as opposed to Amazon's 7.99. Bad value for the money. A joke.
89,I always wanted to taste this coffee but finally got it a deal price of around  $3.5 and this is just perfect to refresh your senses in the morning
90,"In my opinion, this coffee is bottom of the barrel.  I don't consider myself a coffee snob at all, but the best way I could describe the taste of this coffee was murky.  I would not recommend this particular roast."
91,"Our new favorite. We have Blue Bottle, Philz, Peet's, etc. This is our favorite and we can't believe how reasonable the price is. No brainier."
92,Using 2 times as much to make the cup stong enough.Works out same price as others as this version is weaker
93,"Quite a dark, dark, burned coffee flavor. Unfortunately couldn't get through a single cup, even with a heavier cream to coffee ratio."
94,"It's great of you like bitter coffee, but lacking in fullness of flavor. Great price for fair trade coffee."
95,"Have been drinking this for years mostly due t ok flavor...the fact that the price is low makes this a great value.  Best value,  flavor and consistency"
96,Seattle’s Best is our family favorite . Finding it on Amazon at such a reasonable price has been an added bonus.
97,"its coffee, what can i say, its coffee!!! great hot, cold or tepid. First thing in the morning or to get you through the night on a long drive."
98,"Tasted good.I am a tea drinker, because I own a tea compay.So when I try anew coffee, it is a special occasion.Dan Pres psychicTeaz"
99,"This is my FAVORITE coffee, and I'm addicted to Starbucks. I like it cold brewed as well as hot. It's the only brand I buy, and it's totally worth the price."
100,I’ve been trying different coffees and found Seattle to be the best. McCafe was awful. Starbucks is too expensive. Kirkland is flavorless. I like the dark roast the best.
101,Good price for organic coffee.
102,"Flavor is acceptable, a but strong on the artificial side. Other than that, the coffee is cheap enough to drink daily."
103,"I'm no coffee expert, but you get what you pay for with this coffee. This is a decent coffee option for how much it costs, but other dark roasts that are slightly more expensive are much better."
104,"This was for my wife, who links dark strong coffee.  She could not tolerate this and had to dispose of the rest of the bag, as this was not just too bitter, but acidic so that it upset her stomach."
105,good
106,"I love Vanilla flavored coffee. When I saw “Very Vanilla”, I was excited as I couldn’t find it from market shelf. But, it wasn’t very vanilla flavored coffee. No scent either. Tasted like regular coffee. Disappointed!"
107,This had a burnt taste... not what I was looking for.
108,"This  organic coffee is smooth and full-bodied.  Never bitter, even when brewed to be very strong.  Super price."
109,The price CANNOT be beat at four dollars a bag or less. Very rich body and smooooooth. Love this coffee and is our new go-to
110,"One of my favorite coffees.  I got the subscription.  Now I can have my favorite all the time, not just when the store has it in stock."
111,Pros: Reasonable price and fast shipped.😲 Cons:Tastes like burnt rice and  bitter. 😒
112,"This coffee has a wonderfully full flavor, like what you get in a European cafe. Love!"
113,The date of freshness or use by is October less then 2 months out.  Not to happy to get older coffee .
114,"Nice aroma and with great taste to go with it. This is my favorite organic blend. I love it so much, it is part of my Amazon Subscribe & Save."
115,We love Seattle's' Best coffees. Would recommend and buy again as available.
116,The best tasting inexpensive coffee I have ever ingested... This will be my go-to coffee unless they decide one day to raise prices...
117,I'm a Starbucks snob and I like the taste. Saving some money not losing flavor.
118,We love this organic #4 coffee. Great flavor at a great price. Even cheaper than local grocery stores. Saving even more with subscribe and save.
119,A very small partial scoop of this coffee is all that is necessary for one pot. This stuff is very dark roast and strong. Beware.
120,Great coffee. Love the bold flavor. Also love that it is organic. Good quality. Will buy again!  Great price.
121,I enjoy this coffee even though it id a dark roast it is smooth and flavorsome .Very smooth as long as you do not put too many scoops
122,Great tasting coffee and great value for the money I will be buying again.
123,This coffee always tastes good. A cup of this Seattle's Best is a pleasurable way to wake your brain and the rest of you.
124,I'm a coffee snob and like a medium roast fresh taste.  I LOVE this coffee--it's smooth yet bold at the same time and I really enjoy waking up to it.
125,I have tried so many organic coffees and this is the best by far. It brews perfect. The flavor is amazing. And it was not overly bitter roast!
126,I order this for a family member who drinks coffee all day long! They love it. Says flavor is great and smooth.
127,I really like this flavored coffee. It's a very nice vanilla and it's pretty cheap at under $5 dollars too. Usually in flavored coffee's the taste fades off and it's more like a normal coffee with a hint of flavoring after brewing but this has a nice vanilla flavor after brewing still.
128,Perfect strong coffee flavor.  Bold but never bitter.  If you like good strong coffee this is for you.
129,"Product was not as listed: it was not vanilla flavored, but rather a Pike blend. I should have listened to the other reviews!"
130,By far the best flavored coffee I have had in a long time.  Was fresh and delivered quickly.
131,Hubby loves it. Can't believe it costs so little compared to other organics. Will continue to buy.
132,The coffee is very very  good.  Sad I can not find it in the stores any more but at least I can order through amazon!
133,"This is one of the best dark roast coffee ever, don't want any other so please don't run out."
134,This is okay. Not as good as other Seattle's Best coffee. This is weak.
135,Not a fan. Not a great coffee smell when brewed. Bad aftertaste.
136,"My opinion, some of the best flavored coffee but hard to find locally."
137,Has a vanilla taste that’s ok on occasion.  Has a one-note artificial flavoring that lacks complexity and depth.
138,Hits the spot.  Not priced too high either.  Lots of flavor.  One of the best.  A great morning drink.
139,"Great price for great coffee delivered quickly thats all I need say. Yes, have bought multiple times and will again"
140,I’m not a big fan of Seattle’s Best but this organic blend is good for a smooth morning cup.
141,"Idk why but it tastes burned to me. When I add creamer its fine, but when drinking it black, its too dark for me."
142,"Many great features: taste, organic, free trade. I'm buying more"
143,Actually now one of my favorites. I use this for coffee ice cubes to lol the taste is good. It's a nice mid day coffee
144,This coffee is my favorite. Smooth and the flavor pops
145,"This is very good coffee at a good price. As long as the price doesn’t go up, I’ll keep buying it."
146,Good price and really like the flavor. Rich with no bitterness.
147,"If you like strong coffee, this is it! The smell is so strong too. Love the smell! Good taste! Good coffee!"
148,"I Buy this product often, recommended it to anyone."
149,"Seattle’s Best is the best!  Good intensity, robust - a perfect blend!"
150,Arrived promptly and safely packaged... my husband loves the rich smooth taste
151,Good robust flavor. Grounds are sized well for coffee filters (not too fine that they clog up and nott too coarse that the flavor is not extracted). Recommend using the slower setting for water feed rate if your coffee maker allows it.
152,"It wasn't as strong of a flavor as I expected, but ok. Definitely an awesome price on the sale I got. Especially for organic."
153,"The coffee was not fresh, so it lacks flavor, but is the lowest price for organic."
154,"We use this brand for camping. Nice flavor, robust."
155,"Awful.  Tastes like swamp water.  No vanilla flavor, no aroma.  Will not try this brand again."
156,This tasted good considering the low price I paid.
157,Received in excellent condition
158,"I love the coffee blend, just wish it were available in decaf"
159,not drinkable
160,Tastes as good as the real expensive organic coffees.
161,"I'm not a expert on coffee and I only drink it when I need refreshment. This coffee tastes great for me, not bitter or astringent, smells even better. I give 4 star for flavor because I feel it tastes a little light."
162,"Excellent, dark , rich coffee. It's a fair trade item. Love this coffee."
163,"Good flavor, relatively inexpensive.  Try the toasted hazelnut too...pretty good!"
164,"I had to use a lot of milk as the primary flavor was a lot more dark than my typical dark roast, and a bit one-note. That said, would buy it again."
165,Great product; came quickly
166,I love a good bold coffee (Cafe Bustelo is my go-to) and I can drink this stuff black and you cannot beat that price!  Buying more!
167,Tastes good. Not too bitter. Great for the price
168,"Jut love this Coffee, Best Ever It truly is great to the last drop!!!!"
169,"Bought many different brands, like this one the most."
170,"This coffee is smooth and no bitterness about it.Want great coffee, try Seattles Best"
171,Smooth and tastes good!
172,"Love this coffee and Seattle's Best, in general.  I've tried ""expensive"" coffees, but keep coming back to this one.  Affordable, great tasting coffee is always is always a plus!"
173,My favorite coffee. Smooth bold taste. Much cheaper than in the stores.
174,"Headline basically says it.  The flavor is acceptable, not great.  But the price of Amazon is really good."
175,I’m wondering where the vanilla flavor is. There’s not even vanilla aroma. Ok coffee otherwise. For the flavor and price I’ll stick with New England coffee
176,"Great organic coffee that is so affordable, and a great roasted flavor."
177,Great flavor
178,It is very good dark coffee.
179,"Great coffee, such a great price!"
180,Low priced better taste than some other more expensive coffees.
181,"Just arrived today. Smell is very good, but taste is strong,  I was expecting a softer"
182,"This is a must in our house, always fresh and great tasting"
183,this is our family favorite
184,"This is my favorite coffee, better than starbucks.  Strong and flavorful."
185,Excellent coffee - great price
186,"It was a bit too bitter for our liking. We used it in a French press, which could have caused some of that."
187,"I'd rather drink Folgers, and I consider myself a coffee snob."
188,I finally found my most favorite coffee. Hardy and not bitter.
189,"Love that’s it’s a dark roast and organic, taste great and excellent price!"
190,great stuff .....  Dark and tasty
191,Did not care for taste or slight butterness.
192,Disappointed someone switched out Portside Blend rather than Vanilla I ordered!!!!
193,Cant say Im a fan at all. Weak and not vacuum sealed.
194,Great flavor and taste
195,Not as enjoyable as Post alleys dark roast
196,Doesn't get much better than this
197,Perfect!
198,Did not like the flavor of this coffee even though I wanted to.
199,I enjoy drinking this coffee!
200,"i used to pay 8.99 for dark roast now i can get this for half the price and it has a better flavor, black or in a cappacino"
201,Tastes awful
202,"There is just a weird burnt taste in every cup, every bag and my other brand comes out just fine. I have switched brands."
203,good product
204,I wanted whole beans but it came ground
205,The flavor was good. Amazon was great! Amazing price and the fastest delivery out there. Thank youAmazon.
206,"A gift, enjoyed."
207,"Try it, you'll like it!"
208,I prefer a more mellow coffee. This is a bit harsh.
209,this is some very good coffee
210,There is nothing not to like about the top rated Seattle's best coffee and that too in a vanilla avatar.
211,Great taste and Awesome price
212,This is my favorite coffee and it's a good price.
213,This coffee is one of the very best.Very tasty. And freshLove it and also the hazelnut flavor is delicious.
214,Just amazing in my second bag its string to for a dark roast full flavor.Great in kureg!
215,"This coffee stands up well to the more expensive brands, I was surprised , excellent coffee."
216,"This is great-tasting coffee, hands down."
217,I.returned it because it was not decaf.  My mistake.
218,"Flavor is not bad but just not my taste, may be for someone also, but price is pretty good."
219,Delicious coffee for so little $
220,Nice and rich
221,Awesome smooth taste.  This has become my new favorite.
222,Great flavor.
223,"This  coffee is difficult or over priced  in my area, Ordering several at a time was great, price wise, convenience wise and a comfort level that I won't have to go searching for it."
224,"Of course, great taste!"
225,Bitter tasting
226,Great taste. One of my favorite coffees to drink.
227,"My go-to every morning, beat value being organic and fair trade."
228,Good value for the price
229,Love this coffee.  Arrived fresh and on time.
230,"The coffee certainly has a good vanilla flavor, and it tastes more vanilla than other flavored coffees, but it's not the VERY vanilla I expected."
231,"The coffee flavor is mild. But for this price, I think it's okay."
232,The taste is bland. It is only good for the price
233,Gifted because I like it myself.
234,"I ordered 4 bags of very vanilla.I received 3 bags of very vanilla and 1 bag of Portside Blend Beans......Thankfully, I have a grinder and I can use up the 4th bag, but first time my shipment wasn't what I ordered."
235,Coffee brand I would drink in Georgia.
236,"Not very vanilla, as is stated on the bag.  But, it was okay.  Medium darkness how I like my coffee.  Good value."
237,This is now my favorite flavored coffee. Awesome that I can get it from Amazon.
238,"This is the only bag coffee i buy for myself; works great in various brewers. Rich coffee flavor, subtle vanilla."
239,Great product....I bought #4 organic at less than $5 last time . ....now it's over $8.....looking for same deal
240,It smells like vanilla but I don't detect it too much in the flavor. Smooth cup of coffee though.
241,Great flavor. Not weak like other flavored coffee I have tried.
242,Very disappointed in this coffee.  There is zero vanilla flavor.  Will not purchase again.  The New England Coffee French Vanilla (also sold on Amazon) tastes so much better.
243,This is my favorite coffee. It’s very bold and makes a statement.
244,"Very tasty, and it's organic and fair trade!"
245,I enjoyed this coffee
246,Damn good coffee at a good price.
247,"Sabroso café, recomendado 100%"
248,Shrugs and taste good
249,Great flavor.
250,Thanks  good coffee
251,Best coffee ever!!!
252,Excellent taste
253,Discovered this through Subway. I really liked it so I purchased a bag. It has a distinct vanilla flavor. The only way you'll know if you like it is to try it.
254,Yummy coffee!
255,"Good for us.. good for growers.. and all in between!!!Fair trade, organic, great flavor , what’s not to love."
256,Nice aroma and taste
257,Nice bold coffee.
258,Friend loved it
259,Good flavor. Smooth
260,Yummy Coffee
261,Why did the price dubble in 2 months
262,Great coffee at a great price
263,This Vanilla coffee is a great buy and the flavor is excellent too.
264,"Using this coffee to make my homemade frappes. Makes a strong, not bitter, drink. Price was excellent. Have no stomach problems I get with some other coffees. I will continue using this coffee."
265,Delicious!  Great aroma and flavor.
266,Flavor on this coffee is amazing.
267,Great flavor
268,Very good coffee.
269,This coffee is by far the best coffee I have enjoyed for a couple of years now. It does not leave you with a sour pit feeling in your stomach after drinking it which comes with traditional popular brand GMO coffee on the market.
270,This strength and grind works great for our Cuisinart single brew machine. Looked a long time for a ground coffee that tasted great without using the pre-filled k-cups. We use a paper filter from Amazon along with it. And it’s Organic!
271,Makes a very good cup of coffee at a reasonable price.  Will buy again.
272,As described
273,good quality and taste for the price.
274,Recipient pleased with his favorite brew!
275,Great taste!
276,"Smooth coffee with a vanilla blast. I still put cream once in a while, but even without it this coffee is smooth and smells great after being brewed."
277,Excellent coffee; tried this  when I could no get the one I had been using.This is better & plan to stay with it.
278,Haven’t seen this brand for a while now.  Great quality coffee at a great price!
279,Taste good
280,"Great coffee, should only be used with a cone filter. It is ground so fine that you can’t use it with a French press or standard coffee maker."
281,"Is it the best tasting ever, no. It's solid. Is it organic and an amazing value, oh yes."
282,This is a staple for every kitchen! Affordable and flavor is tasty.
283,"Seattle’s Best Coffee Very Vanilla is my favorite flavor! It’s strong, rich, and, a little sweet. It’s also under $5 which is a plus. So thankful to have this during my quarantine morning since all the shops around me are closed."
284,"Lacking in vanilla flavor, overall is a good medium roast but does not have the same quality as other flavors from this brand."
285,I was expecting more vanilla taste since it said very vanilla.  This coffee is ok but I doubt I'll be buying it again.
286,First time trying this brand and I was 💯 satisfied with the product. I will recommend and buy this brand again.
287,This brand and flavor of coffee is by far the best flavor profile I have ever encountered since starting to drink coffee around age 14 the only downfall is it’s a bit expensive compared to other similar flavor and brands but Seattle’s best hazelnut or vanilla flavored coffee is unavailable in any store I have ever asked or checked in
288,"I DID NOT LIKE THE SMELL OF THE COFFEE, BUT TIT TASTES FINE!"
289,"Wrong flavor, and its NOT ground"
290,Best organic coffee for the price!
291,Great
292,Very flavorful I enjoy every morning.
293,good
294,Love it
295,Good coffee.
296,Excellent coffee!
297,"Love this coffee, great flavor, strong and wonderful!"
298,Good taste.
299,Um...the bomb. Especially for the $. I keep trying new dark / med roast.But no comparison. Kinda in love..2 thumbs up.
300,Love that I can get this brand as a subscription!
301,Riquísimo
302,I have added this product to my monthly subscribe and save order because it is yummy!
303,Excellent coffee excellent value
304,Good coffee
305,I didn't know coffee could be this bad. One cup was all I could drink of it and threw the rest of the contents of the bag in the compost heap.
306,This Coffee that I received 1 month after the expiration date is expired and getting thrown in the trash. The company that sent it sent out expired coffee. Waste of money
307,By far the best brand for me.  It’s organic and a fair price.  I like the flavor
308,Love the flavor of this coffee!
309,Good
310,very good  black will be getting more
311,Good deal
312,Would buy again in a heartbeat
313,Good for a strong cup of coffee.  Cheaper than in the grocery store.  Bold flavor and like that it is an organic product.
314,Good coffee. That is all.
315,This coffee is awesome. ♡♡♡♡
316,Organic and tastes so good. can't beat the price. Would buy again.
317,A good smooth tasting coffee. Excellent price for the quality received. I've ordered it twice and wii reorder.
318,We rarely can agree on coffee taste or strength. This coffee makes all in our family happy.
319,The coffee did not taste anything like vanilla.
320,"Very good value for price, reasonably good flavor."
321,Pretty good coffee I like this  flavor the best so far
322,Good tasting coffee
323,"I like vanilla and if you do too, then this is the coffee for you!"
324,This is such delicious coffee!  Rich flavor and a hint of chocolate.
325,Love this coffee and great value.
326,the hazelnut is better
327,Arrived quickly and a better price than what I can get at the store.  My not expensive go-to coffee... love it!
328,"The product clearly states that this item is ground coffee, but when the package arrived, it was whole beans. Disappointing, as I do not have a grinder and super frustrating when you don't get at all what you ordered. FAIL."
329,Fantastic! The best vanilla coffee I have ever tasted. I am going to order more right now :)
330,"Vanilla isn't my favorite flavor, but this coffee is good."
331,Great alternative to Starbucks!
332,Amazing Coffee!
333,I like the flavor and the coffee it self has a nice color.
334,price is little high with the quantity.
335,Very good flavor and I am particularly choosing. Would buy again
336,Yum!
337,It is very good. I wish it came in larger bags.
338,Amazing flavor!!!
339,"Couldn't taste the vanilla at all, but the coffee was good."
340,"The overall flavor wasn't bad, but if it says very vanilla I expected more of a punch of vanilla"
341,Best at home brew coffee I have found at a decent price point.
342,Coffee came quick and tasted great. One of our favorite brands.
343,Nice
344,Not so good. I will not purchase again.
345,Great flvaor. New favorite brand of coffee
346,"This coffee day very vanilla, umm no wrong! Hardly tasted vanilla at all. Disappointed 😢"
347,Excellent tasting coffee
348,Good morning coffee !
349,We really disliked the taste of this coffee. We have not tried other flavors but we do not recommend very vanilla. The aftertaste is terrible. We tried it hot and iced and still awful.
350,Great coffee! I will definitely purchase it again. Reasonable price too!
351,Best coffee
352,Good price for excellent tasting coffee.
353,Very very intense vanilla taste
354,"good coffee ,tastes great,good price and was delivered quickly"
355,"Great coffee, so glad amazon carries it"
356,Delicious.
357,Good full dark flavor
358,"Great coffee, great price"
359,Nice vanilla flavor at a good price.
360,love this stuff 😍
361,"Organic, free trade and darkly delicious"
362,"Love this flavor.Can't get it where I live,so ordering online was great! Thanks!"
363,Delish doesn't taste fake
364,"Good quality coffee, way better than starbucks!"
365,Love the flavor!
366,Average Dark Roast.
367,The coffee was burnt. Tasted horrible.
368,I did not order this product and you’ll send it to me your charging my cerd
369,Great taste
370,Not strong or weak very mild taste.
371,Taste of the coffee is great and is complimentary to the everyday work Starbucks coffee that I have.
372,Good coffee at a fair price and arrived right on time.
373,Good tasting coffee. Not the best but a good coffee for the price.
374,Love this coffee. Great price and consistent quality and taste
375,great
376,Love it
377,Great flavor.
378,This coffee was delicious!!
379,You get what you pay for. It's pretty bad.
380,Great flavor & smells great!
381,Very good!!
382,Great flavor and excellent price.
383,Wasn’t anyway near vanilla.  Was very disappointed.
384,To consume
385,"I like the taste, best coffee grounds for me"
386,"I like this coffee, It has a strong taste. Great value for money. I recommend it."
387,Best flavor of any I've ordered from Amazon.
388,The coffee was excellent had a rich taste of vanilla. If you like vanilla you will not be disappointed.
389,Love this coffe.
390,Very good vanilla flavor. ..will purchase again.
391,Price is a plus but Flavor needs a boost.  Overall good product $
392,My favorite coffee!
393,Good taste .
394,I received the wrong item
395,"Loved it, will order again."
396,My favorite coffee!
397,Nothing
398,"April 2018: This review is for the bag of ground Organic Fairtrade 6th Avenue Bistro, Dark Roast. My bag is ground very fine. Upon opening the bag, everything smells VERY burnt. I can't make out any coffee smell?.. For brewing, I used 1 rounded tblspn per cup of water. I used a French Press, for 4 minutes and no longer... I mixed a bit of vanilla soy milk and a small amount of maple syrup, as I usually do in any coffee brew. This made the coffee bearable, BUT the beverage still tastes 100% burnt. ...I'd like to finish the bag, because I want to support anyone on board with Fairtrade, but I don't think that's going to happen. Consuming burnt foods and drinks on a regular basis seems to be potential cause of health problems.This isn't my first experience with a dark roast, and I can safely say dark roast normally does not taste like this. I would not suggest others try it, when on the look out for Fairtrade coffee. I'd try something else."
399,"We don’t mean to be “snobs.” It’s just that we grind our own beans every morning. “Connoisseurs” is perhaps a more apt word. We believe the best beans should be freshly roasted. We get phenomenal local coffees from a skilled roaster trained by the legendary George Howell. A friend of mine across the country sends us great beans she has sampled, and we send our own suggested coffees back. In a recent package she sent, including some Howell coffees from Central America, was a small bag of this pre-ground coffee. It, too, was phenomenal. Dark yet not burnt, with plenty of smooth and rich character.I asked which coffee this was, expecting a description of an expensive varietal she ground herself before sending. In fact, it was this bargain Seattle’s Best Coffee 6th Avenue blend. We are now big fans, too, and like to keep a bag around when we don’t have time to grind."
400,"I'm disappointed in the change in this coffee. Seattle's Best #4 was delicious and many people asked me what coffee I used when I served it.  The 6th Avenue Bistro is not nearly as good. I thought I was just not making it correctly, but I've decided that it just isn't the same. I will have to find a new favorite. After trying so many coffees and finally finding the #4, I am so disappointed that another product that I enjoyed changed for no reason."
401,It is a decent dark roast but I feel it makes a thick cup of coffee. I don't mind a dark roast flavor but this makes a cup that is just too heavy and thick. I ended up mixing this with another roast to make it more drinkable. I would not buy it again because there is much better coffee out there for the price.
402,"You can get this at Wal-Mart for about $7 for a 12 oz. bag. Only coffee I drink. Tastes bold but I'm looking for a nuttier flavor. Probably better than Starbucks Sumatra, which has a slight burnt taste to me. Overall it's a decent dark roast but I've had better. If you buy at Wal-Mart it's half the price here."
403,"I like dark roasts, but this one misses the mark.  It was cheap, so I took a chance.  Wishing I had not, as it is bland and weak. There are many better products available, even around this price point."
404,"Seattle’s Best 6th Avenue Bistro is absolutely the worst coffee I have ever tasted.  It is very dark roast, appallingly strong, with a nauseating burnt aftertaste.  It even smells awful upon opening and brewing.  I threw out an entire large bag after the first brewed pot, which I could not drink.  I do NOT recommend this coffee."
405,"I drink a cup cup of Seatles Best organic dark roast ground coffee every morning.  It is always very good.  I have had a better coffee, but not often.  It is much better than most coffees that are sold in USA stores."
406,"Tried this on a whim when I was running low on coffee supply, and I put it in my French press. I'm impressed with the aroma and rich flavor. Im so glad I tried it"
407,"I'm not too picky when it comes to coffee, but I really didn't care for this. Tasted like old watered down Folgers filtered through an old sock."
408,"My family loves this coffee! I've been using it since it appeared on my local Kroger's Seattles Best section, and only once has it failed to please. Not quite espresso but nice and rich."
409,"I have had vanilla coffee from many different companies and enjoyed some. Seattle's Best very vanilla is my fav by far! The vanilla flavor is so prominent and sweet. I will never be without this or their Hazelnut coffee in my home, this is a MUST TRY!!!"
410,Everything is good
411,"Very good tasting, strong, very good value priced."
412,Received the wrong item. My receipt clearly reads Seattle’s Best Coffee Very Vanilla Flavored Medium Roast GROUND coffee. I received Portside Blend whole bean. I don’t have a coffee grinder so I can’t even attempt to use this.
413,Very burnt flavor. Not recommended.
414,"Always buy fair trade, tastes great"
415,"Excellent,  well balanced strong flavor"
416,"Good taste. I'm trying to go organic, so that's why I ordered it. I think it's a good value also."
417,Favorite coffee....
418,Not so great
419,This is a great choice for the price and very delicious.
