,Review_text
0,"Boo !  They've cheapened the coffee.  I've been noticing now that it's bitter alot.  I had always loved this full deep flavour coffee.  Then I read another review on the Yuban ""Original Medium Roast"" that had the coffee ☕ cup illustration on the can.  They changed the label ( because they cheapened the grade of coffee) to"" Traditional Medium Roast"" and it's no longer the delicious coffee it was !  NO WONDER IT TASTES LIKE CRAP  NOW !  This is practically on par with McDaniels coffee at Save-Alot, rotgut  coffee.  :  ((  I am really sick of Corporate America !  Can't a middle class person have an affordable decent coffee ?  (Actually I'm a Sr Citizen living in a limited income.). But the point is.... That good coffee was always affordable to Blue collar and working class folks.  SHAME ON YOU YUBAN !"
1,"I have been drinking Folgers for years and was looking for something new. After reading the reviews i decided to give it a try, and am i glad i did. It was one review in particular that really made me want to try the coffee, funny thing is it was a bad review. The guy said the coffee tasted like diner coffee. I thought ""I love diner coffee"". If you have ever been to a good diner you know the coffee is good. The taste is good, and i find myself making it darker than i ever did with Folgers. I love it, it's a keeper!"
2,"Yuban was popular in NYC and down the East Coast years ago for being a rich cuppa without the bitterness. For many, doesn't need sugar! When you don't want the giant flavor of Chock-Full-of-Nuts, the other big NYC seller back in the day, this was the go-to for after dinner, for example.It quietly came back in limited production and distribution a couple years ago and is now in reasonable production but is very expensive in supermarkets that even carry it. I assume they're pricing for nostalgia, and thus overcharging.But here on AMZ, as an add-on, for the big 31oz tub, you pay a 'sale' price the store would charge for the 10oz little can. And it comes to YOU.You really want to try this if you're sick of the burnt taste of that Battlestar Galactica branded coffee company's wares and don't want to pay a fortune for an upset stomach.Yuban is a nice cuppa priced like junk. Blows away that Blue brand... and the other one, too, and actually has flavor, unlike that Red brand without costing what 8 O'Clock costs, the brand that started the whole ""premium"" coffee market in the US.This is the coffee for people who normally think coffee is too bitter or biting. It's a nice change of pace. I'm happy to see it available for such a low price on AMZ. I'll be enjoying Yuban coffee for as long as AMZ offers it!"
3,I have been drinking this coffee for quite some time and love that it's smooth and never bitter. Even if I want to make it a little stronger it's still smooth as silk. I will continue to drink and purchase Yuban coffee.
4,"After discovering Yuban years ago out in San Diego I fell in love with the outstanding rich (but not bitter) flavor. Living in Cali and Arizona Yuban was usually available. Moving back to the Midwest Yuban was very hard to find. A Kroger in Speedway Indiana carries it sometimes. Now that I have found it on onlne, at a better price, my good morning ""friend"" is back in the pantry. The ""Traditional Blend"" is the original deep rich flavor. The ""Dark Roast"" is more robust. I prefer the Traditional. I have a peculator (don't laugh) there are FAR better than coffee makers in my opinion. I have 1 coffee maker as a back up. For me 3 heeping tablespoons is perfect. Another plus is the new container is 100% recyclable or use it as a container for other items. Thanks Amazon for having it available as a regular purchase & not pantry."
5,This is the coffee my husband has been missing since we moved from the west coast to the east coast.  We have struggled to find a coffee to replace his beloved Yuban with no luck.  I ordered K cups first and they were YUBAN so I went ahead and ordered this.  All the different types are kind of confusing but this one is the real deal.  I'm using this in the K cup holder with a tiny little filter and it is exactly what my hubby loves to drink first thing in the morning.  Our search is finally over.
6,"I bought this a couple of years ago and I thought that it was reasonable in terms if taste. However, when I got this this time round, I found it to be really bitter and harsh. I am not sure whether the company changed something in the coffee or whether it is because I am using a different coffee maker or even some other reason. Even then, it was not bad tasting even though it could have been better. I have tasted better gourmet coffee out there. But those coffee are expensive and not suitable for everyday drinking. This coffee is not at the same standard, but for the price... ah the price... that's the game changer. This coffee was priced very affordably. If you get what you pay for, this is value-added coffee and I would probably purchase this again in future.The coffee arrived in a big amazon box with the lid partly popped off and the foil seal burst open. There was coffee grounds everywhere inside the box. But amazon replaced it with a brand new coffee. Thanks for the great service."
7,"I Can't Find Yuban in my area.I Love Gold Yuban And Pick up a few pounds when I Vist The Southwest Deserts. This Dark Roast Is more than I Expected . I am not a ""Dark"" Roast Fan as a Rule. but wanted to try out this Yuban Flavor because of how much I Enjoy Yuban Gold. This Dark Roast Has No ""Burnt"" Taste . It is Rich but Mellow at the same time.I Have subscribed to this . Great Coffee For A Regular Guy."
8,"I have been drinking Yuban Traditional Roast coffee for years and I have found it to be a satisfactory economical choice.  However I did notice that the flavor of the large cardboard cans was better and I assumed that the plastic tub was the difference.I purchased 8 of these for long term storage in case of emergencies thinking the plastic tubs are more protective for that.  Now I regret it because I opened one to try and found that the product is not the same as what I bought in the past.  It has no pleasant aroma upon opening it and it has very little coffee flavor.It is definitely NOT ""THE SAME RICH TASTE"".After trying it three times now I realize it gives me a headache.  I did research on the Proposition 65 Warning and found that it has ARSENIC in it.  I also discovered that a lot of Yuban drinkers are complaining about a decline in flavor in late 2019.  Most said it is not worth buying anymore.  I have to agree with them and I am upset that AMAZON DOES NOT ALLOW RETURNS FOR THIS ITEM.I think I will discontinue buying food items from Amazon.  I see from reviews they do not even allow returns for food items damaged in shipping!"
9,"This is good coffee. I was given a can once because it was ""close-dated"", which is just silly. If you like coffee, you will drink it in a week or so after breaking the vacuum seal. Yes, I understand there are sophisticated consumers who will voice the opinion that price equals quality. Taste is subjective, quality is not. If you like coffee, you like the bitter, robust flavor. If you like coffee-flavored sugar and liquid fat, called ""drinks"" for which you spend an hour's pay to consume a meal's worth of calories, this is not for you.No, this is the good stuff. The kind of coffee your grandma served, the kind on which every local good greasy spoon built their foundation. It's the kind you drink at church, the stuff you pour in the working man's thermos.I buy it, over and over because it is consistent. It might well be a blend of robusto and aracibia, but, as claimed, it is 100% ground coffee. And, yes, I have served it to everyone. My mom likes it. My aunt likes it. I've brewed huge pots for family gatherings. The best compliment I ever got was, ""I think she got Granny's coffee!"" And everyone knows, Granny raised six kids on a shoestring budget, yet no one ever accused her of stinting on the coffee or the butter (oleo is a whole separate issue...)Best coffee:1/2 cup Yuban60 ounces fresh, cold water10 coffee cups, warmed in the oven while the coffee brews (use a cookie sheet)Pour fresh coffee into each cup. Serve with breakfast, dinner and supper. In this way, one can of coffee will last one week. Plan on using a whole second can for family events."
10,I used to order this coffee several years ago and then I would have rated it considerably higher.  I recently ordered this coffee again and it doesn't even compare to the other.  This coffee is weaker and has a bitter taste to it.  Giving it a two star rating is probably over rating it. Maybe the second hand store will take it as a donation since I haven't opened the other three containers.
11,"I'm far from a coffee snob, nor am I all that knowledgeable about it, but I love fresh quality coffee that brews a strong cup - and this meets my expectations completely. The first time I brewed a pot with this coffee, everyone in my family started popping their heads out of their rooms and asking if I was brewing coffee, and what the brand was. They all agree the taste quality is great, and it's true that it'll fill your whole house with the aroma. A huge bonus for the price point for the amount you get, as well. 10/10."
12,"This used to be a solid choice when having to buy large containers of coffee for lower prices. I definitely agree with a previous reviewer that they have changed something. Either they have changed where they get the beans from or the actually time that they roast the beans(decreased from other dark roasts). Looking at the grounds it doesn't seem to be a very dark roast. Slightly darker than a Medium Roast. It now tastes very similar to Folger's and Maxwell House, which taste is similar to cardboard. I ordered this for work after having talked it up but now regret doing that. I will not purchase this again."
13,"This coffee is not very good. it tastes cheap. Like something you'd get in a sketchy gas station for 75 cents a cup. Reminds me of stinky trash and burning tires. Its definitely unique tasting when compared to folgers or maxwell but not in a good way. This unique flavor might be why some like it and find it nostalgic. Its drinkable but not enjoyable.  The value is good, lots of coffee for a small price, but now all that means is that i have a lot of really poor tasting coffee on hand and will have this with me for the next several weeks."
14,"Pros: Tastes Amazing, Good PriceCons: I run out too fastI purchased this coffee after reading other reviews praising it's flavor. As a computer programmer, I drink A LOT of coffee, so taste is important. My favorite coffees are, sadly, too expensive so I was looking for something cheaper that I can drink most of the time.I'm quite happy with the flavor of this Yuban coffee. I ordered the Traditional Roast several times, now, and have yet to be disappointed. It's a great addition to my coffee variety and, price-wise, beats out many popular brands.There's really not much else I can say about it. It tastes great. It's priced great. Only downside is I run through a canister every 2 weeks.Highly recommend. =)"
15,"I am a Yuban lover, yes, I admit it ! This is my favorite brand because I can really taste the difference. It us a rich full bodied blend that delivers a true quality cup of coffee everytime. I have often warmed it over in my microwave the next day, if anywhere left, and it never tastes bitter or anything unpleasant.  I can't always find this in my grocery store so I have it on a monthly delivery from the Amazon Panty subscribe and save ordering and it is the best way to insure that I have my favorite coffee and never run out !!!"
16,"We usually drink Mayorga fair trade coffee (Bought from Costco) and Trader Joe’s Dark coffee (The blue can).We enjoy dark roast with no acidity, and prefer mild and clear taste, so something like Starbucks coffee is too strong for us.Yuban was not as strong as Starbucks, but a little too strong for our taste. It is our preference, I still think it’s a good coffee for the price.If you like strong bold taste, you might like it."
17,"Horrible. Tastes like bad diner coffee. On the flip side, if we run out of the good stuff, this will be a temporary back up.Spend a little extra and get good coffee."
18,We like this coffee and set it up on a subscription. Our small town does not carry this coffee so it’s nice to not have to make a big effort to get more when we get out of town.
19,"I've been a cheap coffee drinker for decades, but lately I've gotten tired of all the 'medium roast' options at local stores. This decision was also caused by buying cups of dark roast coffee at DD.I've tried a few brands here and there, but nothing really rang the bell...Until I discovered this Yuban Dark! After about 23 minutes in my 12-cup Farberware percolator (13 minutes on high to get it bubbling, then 10 minutes on low) it comes out full-flavored with no bitterness at all.I started by ordering 2 cans, and I like it so much I just ordered 2 more."
20,"I couldn’t find Yuban, so I was very happy when I saw it on Amazon and at such a great price! This coffee works well in a drip, percolator and French press. The flavor is deep and rich and holds up to cream and sweeteners. I’ve already reordered several times and when I serve it, people always ask what brand of coffee it is. Makes phenomenal iced coffee as well!"
21,"GREAT coffee! Full body taste, and the aroma-crazy good! Value, if your on a budget and you love "" NEED "" coffee this is the way too go. After a crazy work week and blessed with a weekend day off , this is the way to go."
22,We really like the taste and fragrance of this coffee. I almost want to buy another canister just to smell it. I use it in my Mr.coffee drip coffee and you don't need a lot of coffee to get a good flavor. I would highly recommend this. The little curve in the canister helps in holding it easily.
23,"This coffee is great, I love the flavor much more than Maxwell or Folgers or similarly priced coffee (which is still more expensive than this). Hilarious seeing comments from ""coffee connoisseurs"" complaining about the taste...it's literally the cheapest ground coffee per oz available on Amazon...did you really expect gourmet quality?As someone who also loves good coffee, this tastes good for the money. It's nutty, mild and not too oily even when brewed through my french press, but also tastes great strong and it makes a solid cup of cold brew."
24,"I buy this for when I'm at work. I'm a huge coffee fan and typically do spend quite a bit on higher end brands but when I'm at work, I need something easy to handle (no grinding beans, etc.) and out of all the basics I've tried, Yuban has the best flavor without the bitterness. I don't put anything in my coffee, preferring it black, and this one is nice and smooth. It's a great work coffee at a very affordable price."
25,"Based on the reviews saying the blend changed, I was afraid to try Yuban since I'd never tried it before. But I'm glad I gave it a try. I like it a lot more than the Maxwell Colombian I usually buy. The medium is perfect. It's really good. This is a great value coffee and I can't imagine buying another brand. I don't see why this isn't more popular. People are really missing out."
26,I wasn’t crazy about the flavor of this coffee at all but the price was decent so there is that.  I drink a lot of coffee and I still have this months later I occasionally resort to it when I am out of my coffee I enjoy. I also try to mix it in sometimes to stretch out the ones I like and to try and use it.  I like my coffee plain black nothing else in it ao the only way to mask the flavor is with brewing with other coffees
27,"Coffee is a personal choice, and as boomers we have tried many brands, strengths and options.While Yuban is a long  established brand, it is not always available in all groceries.The fragrance, medium strength and the taste is better consistently than any other brand we have ever tried, including the  options at the major stores where cars line up to pay $5-8!.John J Hogan"
28,"I have always purchased the Yuban Coffee in a can.  It is very difficult to find in my area of Ohio, when I saw this on the Amazon Site and at such a good price I was so happy!  I read many mixed reviews and I thought that everyone has their own specific taste in coffee so I ordered one.  It was terrible! I even had trouble drinking it.  This was definitely not the coffee that I was yearning for!"
29,"Yuck! I'm accustomed to drinking really good coffee. This is strictly low-class diner stuff. Barf. Don't waste your money. I just invested my money in 3 bags of Gevalia instead. Gevalia is ALWAYS good, never disappoints."
30,"When I want a gourmet cup of coffee I open up that Kona or Puerto Rico bag in the fridge and put up my Aeropress. But most of my mornings it's just those cups from the drip machine on counter. I don't get it about Starbucks as it is over roasted. I can drink Dunkin but do think it is too light. I like the blue cup of joe at street carts in the morning, but now with social distancing and all they are no longer there. So I am very glad to have found this brand as it taste just about right - medium, moderately flavorful, and strong enough."
31,Please do not hate about my post. This is my personal opinion about the coffee. I am a coffee lover and always looking for a strong coffee. The Yuban dark roast is not for me. I do not like the taste. Other brand’s medium roast is an equivalent of the Yuban dark roast. Thank you for the experience trying the Yuban dark roast. I’ll be looking for more dark and strong coffee.
32,"How does anyone drink this stuff?  We have had a lot of pre ground generic style coffee and most are fine.  We thought we would try Yuban, wow this stuff is horrific.  It tastes like chemicals.  I’d be curious how much actual coffee is in this stuff because it tastes nothing like most coffees.  We tried a few pots then threw the rest away, couldn’t drink a single full cup of it."
33,"I can only find Yuban online, and Amazon has a great price on it. I really enjoy this for my morning coffee - great flavor and consistent quality, so far. I think the taste is better than Maxwell House, and as good as or better than Folgers (darker roasts of both brands). The Yuban has a strong but smooth flavor, and is fresh. I will definitely be buying it again, and recommend it!!!"
34,"This is a review for Yuban coffee.  Any coffee company can have the plastic tub; ""presentation"" is truly not applicable.  If you like good coffee and coffee that you can brew with m ore of it to make it stronger without a bitter taste, then this brand is for you."
35,"No complaints whatsoever. This is a Good tasting, dark, fine-ground, decaf coffee.I am not rating its “sheerness” because I have no idea what sheerness means as a quality of coffee. Nor could I find any definition anywhere. Why does Amazon use the word? If It is not even in the list of qualities I’ve found for professional coffee tasters"
36,Not sure of all the negative reviews but this coffee is still nice and strong and I drink my coffee black. It is smidgen bitter but not so much where you can’t enjoy it.
37,"Compared to many other brands that I've tried in recent years, Yuban has good flavor--slightly bitter--and a fair price for a large container. Mix in some Lion Coffee from Hawaii, and it's the perfect blend. Hawaiian ""berry"" antioxidant coffee. Yeah, that brand IS expensive but worth every dime."
38,"Here is your somewhat affordable basic coffee.  You may find cheaper coffee by Kirkland but this coffee is good.  It is not as smooth as Peet's dark roast French roast, but it costs much less than that brand."
39,This is it. This is the flavor of NYC coffee. Not the fancy cafe's or coffee shops. This is the good stuff you got in diners and from coffee trucks. It's really good. I love it.
40,THE BEST COFFEE I’VE EVER HAD!! There are so many coffees out there that you will spend way too much for....it still doesn’t add up to the richness in flavor and smoothness of this coffee!!!
41,Something has changed. It's not as yummy as it was once
42,"This is my first time trying Yuban Dark Roast coffee.  I am 53 years old from WV and have been drinking coffee since I was 16 years old (you do the math).  I like a nice smooth, full bodied flavor and this delivers.  I was a little hesitant at first because of some of the reviews that claim there were changes and that now Yuban has a bitter taste, but I find no bitterness at all, just a good, smooth, full bodied flavor."
43,This is the smoothest coffee I’ve ever had. There is no acidic bite. I used to only buy Starbucks French Roast but have switched to this as it is half the price but just as good.
44,My dad loves this coffee and is unable to get it at his local stores. I have set up a subscription for him to receive it once a month. It was a great Christmas gift for him.
45,"We have eclectic coffee taste.  We occasionally like to get nice beans and grind our own.  However, there are times we go through a lot of coffee and really just need a basic good tasting coffee at a decent price point.  We tried the Yuban and were pleasantly surprised by the taste."
46,All this time I was searching and searching for the best coffee the richest deepest darkest most flavorful I’ve been spending tons of money on different brands gourmet coffees and why I have no idea because this is what my mom drank and I was growing up somehow I tried it again now I’m hooked saving money too
47,"I love Yuban Dark Roast! I've been drinking this for years but have had a hard time finding it for our new K-Cup machine. THEN I found that my machine has a little K-Cup deal where I can put in ground coffee!!! ALAS, sweet mystery of life at last I found you! Enjoy! I certainly do! :)"
48,"Yuban has the best coffee. This is their best offering in my opinion. If you drink Maxwell House, move up to Yuban. trust me. excellent for price, the taste is incredible."
49,I know there are fancier flavors out there and I have more than a few bags of them set aside for occasional use but Yuban Dark Roast does the job first thing in the morning on a regular basis.  It has a richer flavor than most other popular brand coffees and that's what I appreciate about it.
50,"This one is the best out of all their coffees. For the price -> they are better than folgers and maxwell house, and all those cheapie brands. It is very VERY good value and a very reliabl tastey product. I am happy i took a chance on trying this brand.  I really like their products."
51,I Love this coffe.. I'm Jamaican so I just use my Jamaican coffee but this one is very good too and it's smote just Like my blue mountain coffe..and the smell I Love it so I will continue use it.i Love it very nice no crashing I drink it right through the day when I'm home on my days off
52,"I really like this coffee.  Wasn't sure what to expect, most coffees that say ""dark roast"" really aren't but this one really is!  I like stronger, darker coffee & this one fits the bill.  It's strong & dark but not bitter at all.  It also stands up really well with sugar & cream.  I'd definitely buy it again."
53,"We have always enjoyed Cubans flavor, and this does not disappoint. It is fteah upon opening and a great price. This is our third purchase here. We are are quite pleaded. Good job ""Juan Valdez"". you would have to tevall earlier TV commercials to get that tegerence!"
54,"Hands down best coffee! It was tightly sealed and super fresh! Just like it came from the store! And the price WOWZY! You go to the store and your spending 8.99 I mean sometimes it’s on sale, but saves me more trips to the store! I’m happy amazon is carrying this product!"
55,"I was surprised by how good it is. Better than most supermarket coffee brands (starbucks, 8 o clock and so on). Hope the next package is like the first!"
56,I tried to find the review that mentioned rot-gut and agree with it.  The taste as so-so.  Priced in my range for the time being and convenient because I don't have transportation.  This stuff messed me up.  I wish there were a minus rating.  This stuff should be removed from the market.
57,"I use to drink this coffee years ago and it was good.  I am trying it once again and was looking forward to it but I drank it this morning and went Yuck.  I  don't know what they did, but it tastes horrible now.  Gonna stick with the brands I know are good."
58,"I bought 2 of these and I personally use 1 or 2 big spoonfuls to truly enjoy it. Since the caffeine levels inside of this coffee are lower than say Colombian coffee. It is necessary to use more coffee than listed in order for it taste like normal strong coffee.It’s just like cooking, you have to add more seasoning to adjust the flavor."
59,"First time buying this brand, and couldn’t be more pleased! It’s the absolute best coffee ever! It’s a bit strong for sure but full of flavor!Good bye folgers... step aside mccafe... the coffee sheriff is in town!"
60,"Tasted better than my generic donut shop coffee. I originally purchased this for my body products I sell on Yewneek Naturals, but after running out of regular k cups I tried this in my press and now I am hooked!! Definitely will buy again! Very smooth flavor, medium body."
61,"Quality coffee, strong not acidic."
62,"I originally ordered this because the price was right but it’s really not excellent coffee. It’s just ok coffee. It’s like car dealership coffee, worse than gas station coffee which in Vermont is pretty darn good. It smells better than it tastes. I wonder if it’s old or not ground finely enough."
63,"Here's what I do: I use a single serve coffee maker. For 1.5 scoops of coffee, I put a dash of salt and two shakes of cinnamon sugar, and the coffee tastes fine. For the money, you can't beat it. If you cannot have sugar, try just cinnamon, add your sweetener later. I don't put enough to even sweeten it."
64,"I am very happy with this Yuban dark roast. I thought I was getting regular roast, so had a happy surprise when the order arrived. I hate paying for ""gourmet"" coffee, and that was the only way I could get a dark roast, until now."
65,Our Go To coffee. Love the Flavor but I HATE the BOUNCING PRICE that happens on Amazon. This product Varies in price 30 to 90 cents each purchase! PICK A PRICE and STAY WITH IT!! We buy 2 at Least Once to Twice each month to 6 weeks.
66,"I had to throw it away after 3 days. My eye started twitching like I was on crack. Although it taste very good and has a nice aroma, I had a horrible reaction. I knew it was the coffee because after I stopped drinking it the twitching went away. Maybe you will have better luck. IDK. For me it's back to Starbucks Pike Place."
67," Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   My fiancé and we’re always buying more coffee every week. But now that I have found these delicious fresh tasting coffee in every sip that is delivered to me without worrying about running out. Also when you order every month this bargain is even cheaper. Simply amazing."
68,"In my coffee maker this tastes bitter and a hint sour.  A friend of ours has a much more expensive machine and the Yuban dark roast was smooth tasting.  For a plain drip machine, not so great.  Good product overall."
69,"Yuban coffee has no flavor, just looks like brown water. I bought this out of curiosity given that my preferred brand, McCafe Columbian roast, had a recent price hike. This yuban coffee is really at the bottom of the barrel! Definitely skip this one!"
70,"Great coffee, good value too.  Doesn't produce just brown water like some other coffee."
71,This is by far the best taste for me for the price. It's rich tasting. If you like a heavy darker flavor but not too dark. Not bitter.
72,"I dont know what this is made of but it ain't coffee, there is no coffee taste at all its bitter liquid. Horrible and took me a week to get it , very disappointed, though the reviews was good they lied  or don't know coffee"
73,"Came fast tastes great alone or mix with a little flavor ones. My husband military coffee i am a starbucks girl this is great for both. He was folgers dark, I was Maxwell and we found a blend we can live with together. One pot kitchen now."
74,"I drink coffee daily, this will be my go to from now on...I have discovered that 5 scoops is perfect for a 12 cup brew, where as the competition takes 6 scoops.This makes the product a dollar per cost Monster.If you like Caffeinated coffee, this is a bit strong on that aspect of drinking the liquid Gold called Coffee, you'll enjoy this brand."
75,"This is so much cheaper on Amazon than my local grocery it's ridiculous. It's a good thing too, all other coffee takes like swill to me. Flavorful but not overly strong, not bitter or acidic. Highly recommend."
76,Maxwell House screwed up this coffee. It used to be the best befor it was sold to Kraft Heinz.Alexa Hente would not approve.
77,"I don't recall having had Yuban coffee before. For my tastes, I prefer it strongly to both Folger's and Maxwell House iterations and it's less expensive than either. I can easily drink it without any sugar or creamer which helps. I'll be loyal as long as it's at this price point."
78,Good inexpensive coffee. I like it as much as DD coffee. I use about 1.5 scoops per cup I make in a drip coffee machine. Good flavor.
79,Likely the worst coffee I have ever bought. My favorite is Costco's Kirkland brand 3lb can so I am not a coffee snob.Not good.
80,Tried Yuban for the first time due to the low price and good reviews.  I usually drink Folgers classic roast or Hills Bros.  Yuban has a pleasing taste.  It's a medium roast.  Hard to beat for the money.
81,The taste was not good... But I am deployed downrange so thought I would try it at such a cheap price.
82,This is down to earth mellow coffee. I love Choc-full- of -nuts but this is much cheaper and has less of a bite. I agree with the review that said it tastes like good ole diner coffee. If you like Starbucks this isn't for you.
83,I had heard of this coffee but never tried it. Went over to my sisters for coffee talk and she made a pot of coffee for us and it was the most delicious coffee I've had in a long time. I will continue buying this coffee.
84,I used to by this all the time before  Starbucks but I thought I’d try it again... it’s very strong ...stronger than SB and flavor a great nice price  anyway I’m going to buy it for a while
85,"Obviously at this price, you're not gonna get fantastic flavor, but for the price it's not at all bad. Good choice for a basic morning pick-me-up. Much better than Folgers I think."
86,"I have this on a subscription and I never have to worry about running out of coffee. With Prime I get free delivery and the coffee is cheaper than I could buy it in the store! So well worth it! You should get a subscription now and not only start saving, but never run out of coffee! This is a dark roast but very smooth. We love it."
87,This is very good coffee and cheaper than Walmarts' price too. You get a lot of coffee too. I made it with decaf to create my own half and half but tried it out before and it has good flavor.
88,"A few months ago I purchased this brand because it was on sale on another online store. Now I freaking love this coffee!! I only buy this coffee now, sent by subscription from Amazon of course"
89,"We have bought this coffee a gazillion times. Alexa tells us every couple weeks that it's time to re-order... She also reminds me that i have a blistex addiction.Anyways, this coffee is 💣"
90,"Great coffee, great flavor and I love the coffees of the past. I always start with a clean coffee maker, it makes all the difference in the wotrld how your coffee will taste."
91,"For the price you get a coffee house specialty. Its all getting more difficult to find in a grocery store and when you do, the price is much more expensive. They make a stronger version which is a lot more flavorful.  Come on Amazon! Offer both strengths."
92,When I purchased this product online it was equal to what I was paying in the store so the value was wonderful and have been a great admirer of Yuban coffee for over 20 years.
93,"I am generally a Folgers/maxwell house kind of budget coffee drinker and this is a great price with decent flavor. It’s not gonna change your life,  but it will get your morning started nicely."
94,The wife loves this coffee and she likes it strong. It even smells strong
95,"I love this coffee ☕️  I have been drinking this brand of coffee (Yuban ), for over 20 years my husband loves it.  I saw this one and wanted to try it it’s really good ."
96,There’s something funny about the coffee. Even the label looks a little different. It does not taste as good as fresh Yuban. It tasted terrible! Its the worst!
97,This is the only coffee my husband likes. We were going to a state that doesn’t sell it so I had it sent through Amazon. It arrived before we got there.
98,"My friend recommended the coffee, and I had to try it. For $7, it was worth the money and the taste. It just doesn’t come with a scooper, so you have to use your own spoon."
99,"My mom loves Starbucks coffee but it can be costly, so I sent her this as a back up and she said coffee is coffee and it was a good price so she will drink it."
100,"Very good, this might be my favorite coffee, and I think I’m a connoisseur of drinking coffee I tried a lot of different brands. But I like this as one of my best."
101,Can't beat this subscribe and save. We get this every month after not being able to find the large cans in stores around us. We love Yuban! I like coffee on the darker side and this is bold but not too bitter.
102,I thought I'd give this brand a try. Not bad but prefer the boldness and smoothness of Columbian coffees. Overall I prefer McCafe's Columbian roast coffee over Yuban.
103,"I like this for when I have to have pre-ground coffee. Fresh ground is better, but this has a nice smooth flavor when you don't have access to a grinder."
104,"This coffee is pretty terrible taste wise. It's very inexpensive so if you need some swill to wake you up in the morning, and care little for taste this coffee is for you. If quality is a concern than you might want to make another selection."
105,"This coffee reminds me of the coffees from the European/Turkish/African roasters I used to buy from when i was distributing coffee many years ago. Very good value. Good earthy body, not acidic."
106,"This is probably some of the best ""cheap"" coffee you can get. Nice roasted flavor, smooth taste. I like this stuff better than the main two chain store brands."
107,I love this coffee. It makes a great tasting coffee that is easy on my stomach. It is also quite affordable.  I also like how the container is designed.
108,I received this product with no lid.  Kinda weird in this day and age.  What am I supposed to do?  Assume it hasn't been tampered with?
109,I like Yuban as a change in flavor from folgers. It's somewhat richer than folgers You get a good coffee smell in the morning that perks you up.
110,"Not bad but not really good either...  I'm comparing it against the McCafe medium roast, which tastes better to me but also a few dollars more... good value, but I probably won't buy again."
111,"Best taste! Great value!  If you are not sure that you like this, just make it a wee bit stronger. It is wonderful! Nice smooth flavor!"
112,I love this coffee but it was shipped to me with old coffee. Tasted awful.
113,Even when my local (big box) grocery store has sales on this tuff. I'm still paying a lot less on here.And this flavor is amazing!!!!
114,I’m military and I’ve had the scraps of ground coffee that maxwell house scrapes off the floor....but this stuff is pretty terrible. Tastes like perpetually burnt coffee. No flavor profile other than that.
115,good price for coffee but one of the containers was a little stale so it loses a star.  The taste is nothing special but you cannot beat the price.
116,"I have been drinking yuban all my life. Tried others, but just don't work."
117,Pros :Vacuum sealed packaginginexpensiveGood flavorCons :Tastes more  on the light side than the medium side
118,"I lover price point for these, I donate to our local shelter and this allows me to order them more.The flavor is great, too!"
119,As expected from reading reviews it’s definitely a different flavor.  I like to mix it with dark roasts and some chicory.  I only use it for cold brew coffee.
120,This and Dunkin are my 2 go to coffees.  I am happy with this and will continue to purchase this when I catch it on sale..
121,"Great coffee...wakes up my third shift working hubby's taste buds & helps get him ready to go to work. I love it too, especially the way I can pack it into my k cups quite well."
122,"My mother ran out of coffee and needed some immediately, so I ordered this for the first time. She said it was good. And the price was great!"
123,"Horrible, bitter, nasty flavor.  Chock full of nuts far better"
124,I used to be a maxwell house girl. I love dark roast. I bought this and its great plus a great value. The flavor is nice i buy 3 a month lol thats how much i enjoy it.
125,"Very good price and good size container. Lasts a while and has always been fresh, aromatic, and delicious! Thank you!"
126,It's hard to find a good dark grind coffee that I can afford to drink every day.  This fills the bill for my family.
127,"but not overbearing, cup of coffee. Last time I saw this brand was over 40 years ago. I'm glad I found it again."
128,Cannot drink the coffee for at least another month- I was disappointed to see that there was no expiration date on the Botton of the coffee container. The Delivery was early and driver was great.
129,Been drinking Yuban for more than 30 years and still think & know it's the BEST!
130,"Pretty good. My brother ended up drinking most of it, I only had a few cups, but based on those few cups I have no complaints."
131,I snagged this while it was less than $5 a can. It makes a decent cup of coffee. I take mine with a vanilla creamer and a bit of foamed milk. Nice deep flavor with no bitterness.
132,We moved to Florida and could not find Yuban coffee. Ordered through Amazon and came through with no issues. Great to have our coffee in another state.
133,Has a really nice and smooth flavor.  I do not like strong coffee and Yuban Traditional Roast is perfect for me.
134,Good coffee for a good price. Just what you want from a big package of basic grocery store shelf coffee. Will buy again.
135,"While I appreciate affordable coffee, this verges on ""cheap"" coffee.  It's a bit harsh and bitter requiring more than my usual amount of cream to smooth it out.  I bought two cartons on sale, but will probably move on to another brand after it's gone."
136,"Pretty run of the mill.  Been on a coffee sampling quest for the past year or so, every brand available on Amazon.  This coffee is just ok.  The value pricing gets it three stars."
137,I bought both cans and paid $1 more for this one. I did not regret. The aroma from Yuban is better.
138,"I really like the flavor that's every bit as good as the expensive brands but without the cost, and that means a lot to someone like me who lives on a very small budget."
139,"This coffee has a strange after taste. I'm not sure how to describe that taste but it is not pleasant. It isn't undrinkable, but I would not buy it again."
140,"This is our favorite coffee and since wal-mart no longer stocks it here where we live, I’ve been ordering it and keeping it in the freezer. Great solution for another WM mess up (eye roll)."
141,Product arrived well packaged and quickly. I was surprised how full the container is. Happy with taste and price.
142,I've been drinking Yuban for several years. I love the flavor. I have placed Yuban on my Subscribe and Save order list.
143,"Full of flavor, Yuban has always been my favorite coffee and first time to try their Pacific Coast blend, and it is so good."
144,Great value and great taste! I use this in my espresso maker and it makes great lattes and espresso!
145,This is my favorite coffee
146,This is an undistinguished generic coffee. The price is right. I would not want to drink it black.
147,"There hasn't been a sale on Yuban coffee at my grocery store in months so I went to Amazon and bought it. Quick delivery, good value, tastes great, will do it again!"
148,"Other than the plastic container being sucked in badly from the vacuum packing/sealing, this is a good product for LT storage."
149,I bought this never trying it before and was happy with it. It has quickly became a favorite. I have bought another.It has been my go to coffee
150,Great coffee ! Seems weird buying it online but with the pandemic buying it's no where to be found
151,"Great coffee, I have been drinking it for about 11- 12 years.  I do not detect any difference in the coffee now roasted on the west coast."
152,"I have a Kuereg and I fill up a little canister with the grounds, and it isn't as taste or strong as I like it...if you are a coffee critic, you will not like this"
153,I had never heard of this brand up until a few months ago and this coffee is now a regular purchase in our household as it has a great flavor at a great price.
154,What's to write? It's fresh Yuban rich dark roast.
155,Amazing bold taste full flavored and it is smooth. Everyone is saying that I make good coffee 😂 but it's the quality of the coffee makes it taste so good.
156,I put myself on a list to have delivered mouthly. This is so good. Traditional Roast is my favorite.
157,"Great price and taste, I would rather purchase in the 48 ounce can, as I end up with a lot of containers laying around"
158,"I wish this brand of coffee was easier to get, but I'm glad I can get it on Amazon!"
159,Awful taste - doesn't taste like real coffee - tried one cup and threw the rest away
160,"Good budget coffee for those that drink a lot of coffee. If you only drink one or two cups a day, go with Peet's."
161,"I have drank folgers my whole life, yet here I am drinking this stuff because it is delicious!"
162,I drank this coffee many years ago so the name is a good one I remember. No bitter aftertaste...just a good cup of coffee at a good price.
163,So cheap and surprisingly tasty in both hot and cold brew form.
164,i don't always feel like grinding coffee beans so this works great as an alternative
165,"Not a fan of the taste of this coffee.  I read the reviews and knew that the flavor was different than other brands coffee, and decided to give it a try.  Made one pot and gave the rest away.  Maybe an acquired taste?"
166,"Very good coffee for the price, no store where i live, comes close to Amazons price"
167,"the actual flavor is not the best, so i mix it 50/50 with my other favorite coffee Lavazza perfetto (this one too smooth and lack of bitter taste), come out pretty good, a perfect blend for my taste."
168,We buy Yuban at Safeway when they are on sale.  THis is the best price I've seen. No more folger's in my cup
169,I really like this Coffee and the price really helps me keep this in stock in my pantry. Will keep buying this brand. Thank you!
170,This is a decent product. It's a good flavor but a little bit bitter
171,This is a great amount of product that I did not care for. The flavor was really savory and strong. I found it a little stinky.
172,I DRINK COFFEE ALL DAY HOT AND ICED WELL INTO THE EVENING I LOVE THIS BRAND
173,Was just as good as it used to be. Look forward to ordering more
174,"Good value, smooth taste. We were drinking maxwell house for years, this coffee is similarly priced but much less bitter."
175,"This coffee is perfect for cold brew. Lots of flavour, no bitterness."
176,Tiene buen sabor y es sumamente  economico . Los envios llegan a tiempo
177,My parents often use this brand and it still taste as delicious as I remembered.
178,"Yuban is the best tasting ""grocery store"" coffee around, and is becoming difficult to find in stores."
179,"i WAS ALWAYS A Maxwell House coffee drinker, then one day wife brought home Yuban, now I am a Yuban drinker."
180,My favorite every-day coffee at a decent price. Sometimes it's difficult to find the larger size cans in the store so I order it here.
181,Took almost a month and a half to receive. Receiveing stale coffee isn't good for returning customers
182,The item arrived damaged the can was all smashed in and the box is smashed I'm happy with that
183,Great coffee for the cost. Has good flavor but i prefer the dark roast.
184,Delicious. Bold. Perfectly bitter yet smooth. A little goes a long way.
185,I drink this all the time.I simply needed more coffee!
186,I like the taste and have drunk it for over 30 years. $6.48 for 31 oz is a good price. I bought 5 for $5.49 on sale at Fred Meyers! That is a very good price.
187,It’s coffee and I have to have a cup every morning
188,"HAVE NOT HAD THIS COFFEE IN YEARS, GREAT TASTE FOR THE PRICE."
189,I was prepared to hate this.....but I love it! Great flavor! Fantastic price! I am going to buy this from now on!
190,"I need my coffee literally daily, (I mean can not function w/o it). And i'm sooo NOT kidding when I say this is for sure my new favorite! It's so good! And sooo inexpensive!!! I ordered two of these I kept one at home and brought the second one to work, and we all LOVE IT!!!"
191,"The flavor is good, you get a bunch for the money, like it!"
192,"What is there to dislike, Price is great, Flavor is great and the container is also great."
193,"Full bodied coffee, unique taste. Will buy again for sure."
194,"Got on sale and took a chance. Happy I did, my favorite coffee"
195,Its weak not dark  roast don't waste you're money  it's not dark roast coffee  very poor no flavor weak no good
196,Not the Yuban I recall!Just a cheep version of Maxwell House! If it’s possible to go any lower!
197,Getting harder to find in stores.  Been my coffee choice for years.
198,Fast delivery.  Great taste.  I loved the taste in my Bunn coffee pot and  love the taste even more when I use it in my reusable Keurig kpod
199,Very inexpensive for the amount of coffee received. Taste is decent.
200,Amazing full flavor and decent quantity for the price. Perfect household coffee.Delivered timely & respectfully.
201,Yuban is one of my favorite coffee's. The taste and smell is delightful !
202,Bought it for the price. Enjoyed the flavor. Nothing fancy. Just coffee.
203,Yuban has been a great coffee for ages.Great taste and a great cup of coffee in the morning
204,I love the aroma and the smooth taste of the coffee.
205,Complete garbage! No flavor. This is not coffee. I'm not sure what to call it but it's most certainly not coffee. Don't waste your money!
206,This is a great daily coffee. We send this to my parents on subscription. They love it.
207,Love this blend of coffee.  One of my favorites.  Never disappointed.
208,"A hearty, non-wimpy coffee.  A good strong coffee flavor.  Worthwhile."
209,Great coffee. Wish it was easier to find
210,My favorite coffee right now! Arrived quickly.
211,As good as Folgers and less expensive
212,"Has good flavor, not bitter at all"
213,"This is really good coffee at a good price.  However, Amazon Prime shipping times have increased dramatically, and for that reason, we are looking to order elsewhere."
214,This is so bitter can't even drink it.
215,Really good coffee at a great price!
216,I love this coffee! If you enjoy strong coffee I highly recommend. Great bargain for true coffee drinkers.
217,Can’t beat it. Same coffee we buy at the store but at a lower price and delivered to our door.
218,I don't drink coffee but this is my wife's favorite
219,It’s Yuban coffee. What else do you need to know.
220,Very old company.  Not much flavor.
221,Fast delivery and great coffee. Buying again soon.
222,"The price is right for this delicious recipe. The full, rich flavor will get your day started off on the right path! Enjoy!"
223,I love Yuban.  This was cheaper that the market.  Happy camper.
224,This is coffee!  Just like the description said!
225,This coffee is by far the best tasting coffee that I have found!!
226,I USE THIS COFFEE IN A FENCH PRESS.  IT IS MAGNIFICENT.
227,"Deep dark color and taste , a good a.m. Coffee to start the day also price right for the amount"
228,"Best coffee for the money, yuban has been our favorite for years."
229,Good rich bold coffee on the stronger side.
230,Fresh and delivered fast! I'll be purchasing this again to save money and a trip to the store where the price is so much higher!
231,"There is a new flavor, I am unsure if they changed the roast or the beans. But this product no longer tastes the same, not bad just not as good. I will be looking for a new coffee."
232,It tastes like a good morning
233,i drink it biggest part of time and its very good .try it
234,I like this dark roast coffee. i have purchased it twice now.  It has no bitter after taste.
235,This coffee has such wonderful flavor!!  Great price as well!
236,excellent flavor love it
237,Best-tasting coffee for the price.
238,"Awful, I don't know what I was thinking, that a product, even with a nostalgic trade name, so cheap, could be any good."
239,This is my husbands favorite coffee. He says it is rich and bold without being bitter. The price is great too.
240,Love my Yuban dark. This is a good price. Coffee is fresh
241,Hard to find brand in Ohio. Very good taste
242,The taste is a delite smoothhas a good flavor black and hot out of the pot.
243,It was good price tasted okay just a bit thick at the bottom of the cup but I use a French press so it could be that
244,twas brillig!!!  Awesome product...perfecto bitterness...
245,Used with a Wolf 10 cup every pot tastes the same quality of brew. Very consistent coffee
246,Good flavor for the price. I like dark coffee and my wife likes more of a breakfast blend this is a nice in between.
247,Husband’s favorite morning coffee...better deal than grocery store (excluding sale and coupon days).
248,good taste--good price--will buy more
249,"Yes, I would purchase again."
250,Strength and flavor just right for me.  Really good.
251,Great value and great taste
252,"Bought this coffee on the reviews I read and will definitely purchase it monthly. A very well balanced flavorful, not bitter, coffee!"
253,Love the taste and packaging
254,"very good flavor, very good price, will buy again."
255,Greatest flavorful coffee
256,Good price. Good smooth taste.
257,Like the taste
258,Taste great! Love this coffee!
259,Great coffee smooth flavor.
260,"This was my mom's favorite coffee {in the 1970's} and I saw it on your site.  Tried it, after all these years, and Mom was right.  This makes a smooth, good tasting cup of coffee."
261,Headline and the features say everything.
262,"Taste dark and rich, great value!"
263,My husband likes a strong cup of coffee.  Yuban delivers without being bitter.
264,Love Yuban & its taste & flavor...I ordered the $5.99 can but was charged $11.00...don't know why???
265,Everyone should taste Yuban. It's a stunning coffee.
266,"good value , worth buying this product if you need this amount . i will buy it again ."
267,Nice bold coffee with rich flavor.
268,Quite enjoying the flavor!
269,best price
270,Very good coffee :)
271,I LOVE my coffee.
272,"Dark, strong & tasty!  Good Coffee!"
273,"This is just as I remember it from the 70's - 80's! Warm, rich and delicious! Proof you don't need to spend a small fortune to get a good cuppa coffee!"
274,You'll find rich bold flavors in this coffee. Not bitter at all.
275,Tastes terrible!
276,"I'm picky about coffee brands,this was a good choice"
277,My father loves this coffee!
278,"Great Value , fast delivery"
279,"It isn’t the best value out there but it’s tops in flavor, grind & quality flavor. My favorite by far!"
280,"Some of the best medium/dark coffee. We love it and when it's found for a great price, we order it. Thanks!"
281,Greet coffee and you do not have to pay an arm and a leg for the far more expensive famous brands!
282,good
283,Not bad but prefer my Farmer Brothers.
284,Ok
285,6 bucks for 31oz of good coffee that doesn't taste acidic... Awesome
286,I always drink this coffee. It has a good strong flavor. When I add my flavored creamer it's even better.
287,"tamaño grande, buen precio asi evitas largas filas en el super mercado, el empaque en caja de carton gruesa para no maltratar el producto"
288,Always enjoyed Yuban. Was my mom's favorite coffee.
289,It is a good coffee. I love it.
290,I love Yuban Coffee and I could not believe I got it for this price. Love it. Thanks 😊☺️
291,One of my favorite coffees. No bitterness
292,Tastes great.
293,This is my coffee at breakfast and in the early afternoon.
294,"Very bitter taste, but as long as you use a flavored creamer you won’t notice. Cheap price for amount"
295,I DISLIKED THE FLAVOR.  IT IS NOT THE COFFEE IT ONCE WAS.
296,Decent flavor and good price. Not acidic much and would buy again.
297,I like Yuban coffee better than other brands for my regular cuppa.  I buy it where the price is best at the time I need it.
298,Great coffee - smooth
299,Day 2 of trying this brand for the first time and I like it.  I may buy this again.  Smooth and bold.
300,I LOVE THE GREAT TASTE OF THE BEANS  GOOD JOB
301,Love this product. Very flavorful.
302,Not bitter.
303,Yum
304,Great flavor for a great price
305,Yuba used to be my favorite. But it changed. So Mc cafe it is!!
306,Long time Dodgers drinker. But this has a better flavor.
307,Very good coffee. I use to drink this coffee years ago. and just found it again .Doesn't have a bitter taste.
308,"Affordable price.  Ordered two, one for self, one for mother.  Rich, tasty blend, affordable price."
309,Good product
310,Good coffee and good price!
311,Everyone in the household enjoys it.  Great price for the volume you receive.
312,Yuban's taste is the very best...I wished they made it in pods as well!  Great Idea!Thank you!!!
313,Tastes great!
314,Great price for great tasting coffee!
315,Love this coffee ordered more
316,works as it should
317,Great aroma and taste
318,My husband and I just love the flavor.  In our area cannot always find Yuban.
319,I always like this brand.
320,Rich and smooth.
321,Good price but not a fan of it!
322,"This product of 2 purchases arrrived with slimmy purple substance on it with 3 hand washed,still couldn't get the sticky mess off my hand.Who ever packed it had to know it was on there. My last buy"
323,Great product
324,"EXCELLENT COFFEE, I USE IT IN MY GRASS AS A MOSQUITO REPELLENT"
325,Good
326,I like a strong coffee but this is so rough that you have to mix it with something else to make it enjoyable.
327,I really like the taste of this coffee when I make Italian espresso.
328,Great cup of coffee. My favorite brand.
329,Love the taste
330,My wife loves this stuff and it’s very reasonably priced
331,"Good, inexpensive"
332,I just wish it wasn’t in a plastic container. I’m not sure i’ll get it again for that reason only.
333,My favorite coffee!
334,Not strong enough
335,price is good mild
336,Good cup of coffee
337,Very good coffee
338,first time trying this coffee its awesome love it
339,Yuban  is the only the only coffee for me.  Love it
340,Best coffee ever  so glad I was able to get it
341,It is the energy I need for the gym. No preworkout supplements needed!!!!!
342,"They must have changed this coffee because this it was Not good. Even with cream and sugar, no bueno. I was disappointed because the reviews were good, then I bought it and it was really absolutely not good. Tried several different ways. You can’t make bad coffee good."
343,"Strong, delicious, and great value"
344,Dented can
345,Read lots of reviews that said this was the best so we bought some. It did not turn out to be our favorite. It has its own special taste.
346,My new favorite coffee.
347,Conveniently delivered.
348,Good coffee and not bitter
349,I. ❤️. This. Coffee!  Better than expected.  Price is right.  The best.
350,I thought it was more bitter then dark
351,always a great brew and aroma!
352,I love the strength and flavor.
353,More flavor than traditional options
354,"Great value, however, this is harsh tasting stuff. Kinda like something John Wayne would drink on the range. WWII veterans might like it too."
355,Subscribe and save provides an add'l 15& discount.  Great coffee.
356,The item is very good. As advertised.
357,Youban is top notch coffee  They need to get their reputation back !!
358,It is very good
359,Super value great coffee
360,I really like this coffee!
361,Taste so good. I would like to buy again❤️
362,Thanks
363,"Gross,  this stuff tastes worse than the cheap cheap stuff."
364,Excellent flavor at a great price
365,Freshness
366,My favorite coffee. great value.
367,Great coffee
368,Pretty fair coffee...
369,Not much coffee flavor. Will stick with Mccafe.
370,I've always liked Yuban. This was delivered as expected on time and at a fair price.
371,Love it
372,Always good coffee. Good price too.
373,Great coffee
374,Very good
375,"great price for a good cup of coffee, for those of us who still perk coffee especially."
376,Great deep flavor at a reasonable price
377,Yukkkkk.  Go out and get some Dunkin Donuts.
378,Been drinking Yuban for 40 years. Good coffee not bitter
379,Home delivery is nice.
380,"Great Coffee, the only coffee I drink.  Very delicious with very hot milk."
381,Satisfied. Will buy again.
382,Tried it for the first time out of curiosity as I was running out of coffee and this had the same day delivery option.  No flavor and no interesting characteristics whatsoever.  Very dull coffee.
383,"I LOVE yuban coffee. it makes the best cup of coffee, and I will not drink any other kind. also, it was delivered in a very timely manner. I will continue buying Yuban from amazon, as long as you sell it."
384,good for you!
385,Pretty strong flavor.  Very good value for the money.
386,Dark roast good flavor
387,Love Yuban Dark Roast!
388,Good coffee
389,Seems to be pretty good inexpensive coffee.
390,Product arrived on time. Packaged great. Just as described.
391,I literally buy this because there's a reference to it on rhe Sarah Silverman Program.
392,Smooth full flavor. Great value.
393,Tastes great
394,Love the brew.
395,Dependable good wake up brew. Nice price.
396,Love this coffee very strong yet smooth.
397,very speedy delivery
398,great coffee for a nice price.. Once.. Then bam it is no longer available on subscribe and save.. Not a good deal any more..
399,Good for the price
400,"Hey, Yuban has the best rich flavor!!!"
401,Can’t beat the amazon price!
402,"This is a very good coffee with a strong, smooth flavor."
403,Doesn’t have a lid for coffee container.  This might be the manufacture or Amazon as it wasn’t in a package by its self.
404,I love Yuban and this has been a great buy for the money.
405,"I highly recommend this if you're looking for a good quality coffee for a ""store brand"" price."
406,Always good beats not finding it on the shelf locally
407,"If you like dark roast strong flavored coffee, this is for you!! Very distinctive bold flavor that I haven’t found from a local provider. Love it!"
408,Like better than most brands in supermarket
409,Favorite
410,Taste was awful.
411,Good
412,Yuban has always been my favorite coffee. The price was fantastic.
413,Nothing to dislike it's coffee.
414,it has good flavor and great value
415,"Yuban is our favorite! The flavor is smooth, not too strong or bitter like some coffees we’ve tried."
416,Love Yuban coffee.
417,"I remember my mom buying this coffee growing up, and can not believe I am just now trying it... AMAZINGLY SMOOTH.... This is the best!!"
418,Great budget coffee
419,Very good value cheaper than grocery
420,I love it!! Great flavor and value!!
421,Love the price the taste is wonderful
422,Great taste
423,This is a good serviceable morning coffee at a a great price!
424,Awesome coffee. Love the taste!
425,"This is some of the best coffee I've ever had! My mom recommended it and ever since, it's the only stuff I like to drink. Not much for the cafe or fancy flavored coffees but this is just good, smooth, quality coffee. Even my wife agrees with me on this one :)"
426,"I have been a Yuban coffee fan for more than thirty years.  It is hard to find in many food stores here in Florida, so being able to buy it on Amazon has been a plus for me.  I love having this subscription to buy this product on a monthly basis.  Chris Glennon"
427,Love Yuban
428,Yuban is the best coffee on the market.
429,"I had never bought Yuban before, so it was a risk. I am happy to say that I really like it! Very smooth taste! I will definitely order again!"
430,A good flavor for less money. It worth
431,"Smooth, robust coffee at a value price."
432,"Good coffee, use it at work everyday"
433,Was very glad to find this online. Will definitely be back for more.
434,Great coffee and a very good price!
435,"if you want smooth coffee, this is it. no bite after drinking. leads to drinking to much coffee. I love it."
436,This is the same brand my grandparents got in Cali. It is a smooth and rich flavor with no bitterness. The same brand where I live is $13 dollars so it is a major savings for us
437,Great flavor!!
438,Good taste
439,It tastes much better than the big name brands like Folgers and Maxwell House. Almost taste like fresh ground coffee beans
440,I love Yuban coffee. It's very hard to find around here. Grocery stores here in Tulsa don't carry it anymore.
441,"Horribly bitter, acidic, unlike the Yuban of yore. Not sure if it’s a bad batch or a company-wide new blend of beans. Regardless, will never buy agin. Undrinkable."
442,The best stuff ever
443,"Inexpensive, but good."
444,"Favorite coffee! Best price I can find, almost always! Always order it on Amazon!!!"
445,Very reasonable coffee at a very reasonable pricetag.  Ships quickly.  Tastes good.
446,Thank you received it really fast.👍🏼
447,Yum.
448,"great price, great coffee."
449,Best coffee for the money!
450,Been drinking this coffee for at least 30 years! I love it! Sadly can’t get this in grocery store but am sooo glad for Amazon!
451,Excellent dark roast ground coffee.
452,Appreciate your fast delivery and excellent product.
453,The container is smaller than we realized but we were happy to find the bold roast
454,Good taste
455,Not the best but its pretty good without breaking the bank.
456,Great coffee
457,My new morning coffee!!!
458,For here fast was good coffee
459,Coffee to me is like oxygen to the dying man. What’s not to like?
460,"Taste pretty generic, was not well liked the office staff."
461,Love me some Yuban in the morning.
462,Only coffee I've boughten for several years.  Tried most of the others ones and this is the best in my opinion
463,"I like this coffee a lot. It is a great tasting coffee that's smooth and has no bitterness. First time I've tried it, but am now hooked."
464,Always buy yuban
465,good but not great
466,"First time I tried this coffee. Smooth, tasty coffee. I have it on auto delivery now."
467,"My mom used to drink Yuban back in the 'old' days.  I've had the Starbucks, Coffee Boutique, store brand.  And guess what?  My momma was right!!"
468,Love yuban and can’t get it in Texas where I live except in small cans.  So happy to find on Amazon
469,Didn't taste freshI have to mix ir with other coffee
470,Fair price
471,"After 20 years this has ""Gone South"" No longer real coffee flavor. Just tastes BITTER AND BAD. Don't know what happened, but EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED."
472,Our cousin is happy. Her present was incredible. She loves her coffee.
473,Great coffee for a great price! The whole iffice loved the flavor!
474,Great coffee
475,Gave this as a christmas gift to my mother. Used subscribe and save. She loves the monthly gift. It's  even cheaper  than the store she usually buys from.
476,Great flavor
477,Too light . Need darker roast.
478,i love the aroma and the smooth texture.
479,Good flavor especially for the price and I didn't have to go to the store
480,I have loved this coffee since I accidentally bought it at a grocery store. The flavor is so rich but not dark. Flavors take well but don't overpower the bold body.
481,"They cheaped out on the coffee now. The can used to say ""100 % Arabica Beans"". Now it says 100% Coffee"". Which translates to ""Cheaper beans"""
482,Very satisfied
483,Best coffee ever!I don’t drink anything else
484,Classic coffee
485,"I always drink Yuban, so for the convenience and cost, this was a great deal!"
486,I was so excited to purchase this coffee online because it's not available in stores near me.  Very disappointed it no longer has that deep bold flavor similar to (Starbucks) now it's just normal coffee.
487,I wasn’t a coffee drinker until I tried Yuban. Now I drink everyday!
488,Best
489,it has no taste or smell of coffee. I've never had coffee that bad.
490,"I’m so glad Amazon is offering Yuban. Great flavor, smooth taste and it’s my favorite coffee."
491,Great coffee.
492,Yuban coffee is smooth and rich and always a consistently great cup of coffee.
493,Excellent deep flavor
494,Same size as in store but like 2 dollars cheaper.... so thanks!
495,Flavor is wonderful
496,Excellent
497,It’s alright.
498,This stuff is delicious!
499,Love Yuban & so glad I found it. Tastes so good! Very good deal.
500,"Love! Always on time and great way to keep me from ending up like Carole Baskin, who killed her husband. Coffee is a must...Thanks Yuban."
501,Yuban is a premium coffee.
502,"Very delicious coffee!!! Wish it was sold locally but got Amazon, so I am good."
503,Love this coffee.  Bold flavor!
504,I love the tastse of this coffee it has a dark roast flavor
505,Very good coffee
506,I love this coffee and having it on subscribe and save means I never run out.
507,New owner messed up a great coffee it does not taste like the Yuban I was very happy with... goodbye Yuban
508,Love this coffee!
509,Since I can’t get Yuban in the stores in my area this is a great place for me to get the coffee that I like
510,Nice
511,"My coffee came without a lid, sealed, thankfully. I will have to use a different container."
512,I like this product.Coffee is delicious.Value is good.
513,All
514,My favorite coffee. No bitter flavor. Wish I could get in decaf.
515,i want to cancel this every four week supply of yuban coffee. i did not mean to order it. i am not keeping it.
516,"Pretty good and decent price.  Wife and I like 8 o'clock coffee,  smooth like that but flavor a little more rich.  On our list of favorites now."
517,This is my second order for this product.  It arrived on time as per usual and it was the same high quality product since the first time I ordered it.
518,"First cup of coffee is the best, I like the taste.  I also like the ease of taking the container out, its light and not bulky."
519,Delicious coffee!
520,Good office coffee
521,Great robust flavor.
522,"OMG, I absolutely love this coffee. The taste of it is so good. I'll buy it again. The price is right."
523,Terrible coffee don’t waste your money undrinkable
524,Like because no bitter aftertaste. A California coffee not very available in Ohio and I am from California.
525,"Timeliness, predictability, etc., all good.  Product is good, but not as great as I remember it.  Still better than most brands, doesn't seem as consistently so through this channel."
526,Awesome flavor
527,I liked the flavor not to strong
528,"my absolute favorite coffee.  Unable to find locally, so bext best thing is to join the auto coffee shipments."
529,Daily coffee use.
530,"Excellent day to day coffee.  Not gourmet, but I like it anyway."
531,This coffee was very inexpensive which is why I tried it but really tasted terrible
532,Instant headache
533,This is terrible! Yucky coffee
534,Love this coffee!
535,Yummy
536,Great deal
537,Sometime have trouble finding this in the stores.  It is a special brand that my husband and I founda long time ago and I think it tastes better than other brands
538,Good flavor
539,Smooth taste
540,I have been drinking Yuban for years. It's good!
541,I liked this coffee
542,"I love this coffee it’s the perfect blend , strength and price is great!"
543,The price is economical but didn't like the taste. It tasted burnt and too dark especially for a medium roast.
544,I love this coffee and Amazon has the best value I have found. I reorder as soon as I open my last can.
545,"Not sure why it has such good reviews, this coffee does not taste good. Just get Folgers instead."
546,It tastes okay. A bit light but got the job done. Good for the price.
547,I took a chance on buying this based on the price and mixed reviews.  I do not like it at all nor does anyone else in my home.
548,LOVE THE TASTE GREAT PRICE
549,good work.
550,ok
551,for the price it was good
552,Loved the item but it is pricey
553,"I like that coffee, reminds me of the authentic ones. the smell, the taste is definitely something else. I will definitely reorder."
554,Great coffee. Will buy again.
555,I have drank Yuban for years and this is not the Yuban I use to know. Either its counterfeit or just plan cheap coffee. I would never buy again
556,Best coffee
557,Great coffee
558,"Great flavor, great price, FAST SHIPPING!"
559,My favorite coffee!
560,👍
561,Nice flavor great rich coffee
562,"My Dad likes this stuff. I tried other brands so I wouldn't have to buy different coffees, but nope, he likes this one. I hate it, but the Yuban Dark Roast is acceptable in a pinch."
563,Great cup of coffee!!!!!
564,We love yuban
565,Only coffee we drink
566,"Great coffee, great price"
567,Love this coffee. It is my favorite
568,Great use for my cold brew maker
569,Very Good
570,Of all the retailers we know of this price is best.
571,"I love Yuban coffee, and unfortunately it is not sold in this area. I found it here at a great price and Walh--lah!"
572,Sabroso y super barato comparándolo con los de la s tiendas regulares
573,"I love this coffee, no bitterness!"
574,I thought it was just ok...was expecting it to be stronger and the smell is very mild
575,Sent this to a group of soldiers(one sailor) in Afghanistan. They LOVED it.
576,Looking for new brand of coffee. Better than Folgers
577,We used it to give us a bushy tail every morning!
578,Not what I was expecting.  I like a good rich coffee this just wasn't a good flavor to me.
579,Like brand. Used for coffee.
580,"Pretty good coffee.  Yuban used to be an excellent 100% Columbian coffee.  ""Consumer Reports"" once rated it as a best buy.  It was a better coffee back then (the late '90's).  The product no longer claims the !00% Columbian provenance.  Anyway, I've been a dedicated Yuban coffee drinker for more than 30 years, until lately.  My grocery-store-of-choice no longer carries the brand, so I have been trying various coffees at that store to make replacing Yuban an easier choice.  It hasn't been.  So even though Yuban isn't as good as it once was, it's still a more satisfactory choice for me."
581,It is my favorite coffee!
582,Always a favorite in our home!
583,Makes a great cup of coffee!!
584,Love Yuban
585,Grest coffee
586,Great!
587,great taste
588,"My husband loves it, I prefer original myself. This is less costly than buying name brands in the store."
589,Great gift item!
590,Only coffee I’ll buy!
591,Good coffee at a fair price.
592,Nasty bitter taste!
593,Best coffee ever!  I'm surprised to find such a great price!
594,good every day coffee
595,"We love this coffee, bold richness..."
596,Good flavor. Give it a try.
597,Very good
598,My boyfriend and I love this coffee.
599,Tastes good!
600,Love it
601,I use this coffee at home for myself and guests
602,Delicioso. Deben de mejor el precio
603,It has a great taste..
604,Gross
605,"The smell is perfect, and a taste is amazing!"
606,Breakfast Drink
607,I like the flavor of Yuban.
608,My favorite ciffee
609,Pricey but worth it if you love a smooth cup of coffee.
610,yuban is best all around
611,"Great flavor, great price!"
612,Pretty good coffee but great price.
613,Good
614,Good quality product for the value
615,This coffee is amazing!
616,Price and great tasting coffee
617,My favorite all-time coffee
618,Best coffee
619,Good coffee
620,Daily use. Great product
621,delicious
622,Some of the best coffee around is from Yuban. Can't go wrong with this brand.
623,"Great Coffee, one of my favorites."
624,Morning joe
625,Very good coffee 👍👌👌👌
626,My favorite coffee!
627,Love Yuban perked coffee
628,It taste is great
629,Great pricing and fast shipping!
630,VERY good coffee.
631,Good price.
632,Good coffee better than Maxwell house.
633,This is the biggest BANG for your coffee buck!
634,The best coffee we have used
635,Great buy
636,love it
637,A wining combo!
638,Shipped primptly and the taste was great.
639,Bland
640,"After drinking this coffee, you'll probably not want to buy any other brand. It's perfectly roasted. Tastes as a good coffee should. Nothing more, nothing less."
641,Great
642,It's taste good
643,"Ordered two, one was fine one was not sealed and stale."
644,This is a good deal
645,A Smooth taste!
646,Good tasting coffee
647,Good coffee. Good price.
648,the best. very convenient
649,Mild.  Love it!!
650,good
651,worlds best coffee!!! wish walmart still carried it so i wouldnt have to order it
652,Perfect
653,Rich tasting
654,Delicious and affordable!
655,Perfect
656,"The coffee arrived on time and in good shape.  I had used this coffee consistently when I lived in CA, but now that I've moved to NC, it is not to be found in any of the grocery or big bag outlets.  It is a great, smooth tasting coffee - love it!!"
657,Great coffee
658,"I just love Yuban -- the organic (not always available) and the TRADITIONAL. I don't care as much for the ORIGINAL. I know buyers keep saying that this coffee is way over priced and that it can be found much cheaper in grocery stores. Tell me where because I never see it. Maybe the ""Original"" Yuban but I've NEVER seen ""Traditional"" Yuban for sale where I am (northeast). Amazon has found it for us, and I am more than happy to pay what I pay for the 31 ounce. Some private sellers want a lot more. Also, I like that Yuban is processed in CA because that state, as you know, has strict laws and regulations. Anyway, all this talk about coffee is making me want to go brew a pot!"
659,love it
660,Love my coffee.
661,Good coffee!
662,Outstandingly good coffee. You will enjoy each and every cup.
663,I love YUBAN.  I can't find it every where I travel so I have some sent ahead so when I get there I have it.
664,rinse and repeat
665,Love this coffe. It's mild and tasty
666,The taste dose not hold up through time
667,ates of expiration too soon to expire
668,Excellent!
669,"I got a can of this despite drinking 100% arabicas and this one reminds me of brazilian arabica beans. non offending taste. very smooth almost non acidic but there is hints of acidity not too bad it's very low. The flavor isn't bad if you add hints of sugar or honey to your coffee. It's ""alright"" for inexpensive coffee. 4 stars for value for money. 3 stars for overall rating. 3 stars for flavor. Seems like the bean mixed used in this batch is very non offending almost like a donut shop blend just not that bad not that great. Your traditional diner coffee or donut shop coffee with hints of robusta in the mix possibly. If you can't find 100% arabica pound of coffee for cheap (they do exist but I have yet to try it) this can be a filler until you re-up on 100% arabica coffee. It's alright."
670,"After using Yuban Traditional for decades, I suddenly realized one morning that I'd forgotten to add the coffee in the coffee maker.  Going back to start over again, I saw that, no, I hadn't forgotten at all.  Having a few cans of Yuban on-hand, I continued using it for another week or so, dumped that can, opened another to find that both of them are absolutely perfect for brewing a very nice cup of hot water.  Yuban has somehow or other completely ruined their coffee, and I will not buy it again.  After all, a cup of hot water is much cheaper if you just skip the Yuban coffee grounds altogether.  I've gone Columbian and am again enjoying my java."
671,"I have been drinking coffee for 46 years (said for context).I am a Folgers Black Silk drinker; but at the start of the Pandemic I found myself out of it.The only thing available was this.Straight out of the canister I was certain knew that I would have to use half & half.I don't like anything but a little sweetener with my cuppa, and it has to be boldly smooth.My first few pots of this were experiments.Needless to say, I'm happy that things are better with Amazon Fresh, and that they have my Black Silk in stock.I won't be caught short again.This stuff may be good, but not good to ME."
672,"Yuban is ridiculously expensive at our local grocery store (but then everything is) and I'm so happy I found it here! I'd never had it before, and when I saw the price, I though WTH, I'd try it. And I love it! Very smooth and not acidic or bitter at all. And since I use it for ice coffee, I make it the night before and drink it in the morning. And it doesn't taste old or watery. It's my new goto. 🙂"
673,"This is slightly better than Kroger Brand or Maxwell House (in my opinion), but not by much.  I got mine for $4 for the 30 oz can using a coupon.  It's not too acidic which is it's only redeeming factor, but the overall taste is a joke.I would go for this over Kroger Brand or Maxwell considering it's cheaper and better, but the rating remains at 2 stars."
674,"Good value. Almost two pounds of coffee for around six bucks, and it tastes pretty good. It's not anything gourmet, but it is far from bad. I like it, and may buy it again in the future"
675,"I remember when Yuban was great. Grown in Columbia, 100% Arabica beans as labeled on the container. Nowhere is any of that on my present can of Yuban and taste is cheap.Sorry they messed it up-will lose a customer.After using it for a while, I am now accustomed to the taste. Not a bad product for the price."
676,"I use an electric percolator, and this brewed up quite nicely. For a dark roast, it wasn't bitter at all. But I would have liked a bit more body. Overall it's not a bad cup of Joe. Way better than Mrs. Olson's brand."
677,"Been a long time Yuban fan but the pacific is my FAVORITE. happy to find it here because my local store switched to the dark roast version of Yuban, like not ""bad"" but this is far superior"
678,The nicest coffee I've tired for this price range so far!  Medium bold flavor without overpowering smell.  I've found my new favorite coffee!
679,"Love the coffee, especially when I can find a fresh can. Most of the time when I open the plastic container the foil seal is broken. BLAH old tasting coffee. Do not like the new packaging. I've been buying yuban for at least 40 years, the old cans were sealed. Made for the best coffee I've ever had, but the new plastic cans don't seal to the foil."
680,Really great tasting coffee with a nice bold flavor.
681,Better than average ground coffee brand
682,Terrible
683,This is our new favorite coffee!! Great price and taste!
684,Good coffee
685,Great Coffee for a amazing price
686,Received quickly. Great coffee.
687,good coffee.
688,Good coffee and a great value! Try it you will be pleasantly surprised!
689,Great!
690,We use this coffee at work...it's the best you can buy for the price (much smoother than the usual grocery store brands)
691,"Why would anyone pay this price for a can of Yuban Coffee you can get any where for UNDER $7.00?  Yuban is good coffee to be sure, but paying this much for a can of coffee you can get off the shelf for half this price is stupid.  5 star coffee at ZERO star price.Just dumb."
692,This is not a bad coffee. But at over $14.00 it is way overpriced. Walmart gets about $8.50 and food4less has it on sale for $6.00. Even Riteaid puts it on sale for 1/2 price on a regular ($7.00).
693,"This is the first time drinking yuban and definitely the last. Something is off-putting in the aroma and flavor. I am a fan of cheap coffee. Yuban, however, is one and done.OK so the second day I had to give it one more try: 3 cup french press; just water and coffee. Yuban tastes like wet pencil shavings. Yup. awful."
694,"Great item, it has a  good, smooth taste and smell. We use subscribe & save so we get a great price too"
695,I have no complaints!  Great coffee at a super price!  Shipping was quick and packaging was wonderful!  Will be ordering again!
696,Great tasteing coffe at a great price. My third time buying this coffe. Will bye coffe each month
697,Our favorite coffee!!!
698,Arrived as ordered.  Fine tasting coffee.
699,Fresh and tasty coffee
